Meeting Title: AIONCREST / FunnelVision Intro
Date: Mar 10
Meeting participants: Kevin, Alex, Ray


Transcript:
 
Me: Hi, kevin.  
Them: William. Who's that?  
Me: Yeah, very good. Thanks. How are you getting on?  
Them: Very well. Sorry. Yeah, good.  
Me: Pleasure. Pleasure. How is your weekend been?  
Them: Yeah, really good. Really good. So my son, I've got a seven year old, a two year old, so it keeps me active. So I normally go to football with my 7 year old response with his team and all the football tournaments. So I'm daddy daycare that we. My wife works at the weekend, so it's interesting.  
Me: What is right. There. What is your wife? Did.  
Them: Oh, she wants the NHS 24. So she works in. Yes. Which you watch here. So, yeah, she's quite. She's knackered by the end of it. It's quite laborious.  
Me: Phenomenal work.  
Them: Yeah. Where are you based about?  
Me: I'm in Edinburgh, near Fountain park area, if you know that.  
Them: Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. I thought I heard the accent, to be fair. Yeah. So basically I was in Edinburgh. I actually moved out to Dumfries. About 60% more a house.  
Me: Of yourself. I went with my dad for a week. Coffee. This morning we were talking but my life plans and getting a house. And I was like, yeah, I'd love a house, just not. Yet.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: That five year old's dream ship has sailed off Americaston Mansion.  
Them: Absolutely. So I was in Leeds for. Oh, jeez. Before that. I don't think I noticed. Many, many, many years ago now. And I moved away from there because there's nothing there apart from a mobile phone shop. Or if you want a sausage roll, you can go to an office and get it. Other than that. I moved to Edinburgh for six years, and then we moved into Leeds for seven years, and then we moved to London, and then we made our way back. But I was going to buy Edinburgh again. But I just thought, just so much more for your house over here, William.  
Me: That's the thing, is, if you want a garden, unless you're maybe willing, like a main door flat, you don't get it here.  
Them: No, I agree. Agree. Agree.  
Me: And then at some point, if you're willing to go on the outskirts of even, like, Buxton, You're as well being in a town nearby because you're having. I said that to my wife. I was like, I'd much rather love it because she is from Dunbar. I'm not sure I live in Dunbar. Then like out and what's the difference? I'm still going to get my bang for my back.  
Them: Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. Of course, of course. Listen, what's your story then? Tell me.  
Me: Yeah, absolutely. Well, I studied Edinburgh University, and then I actually moved down to Manchester to be a government economist at the Department of Education.  
Them: Ah, interesting.  
Me: Moved to Manchester. Covid happened. Moved back up to Edinburgh for a bit of remote work, then moved to London to continue my program. And then after about three years in government, I was like, yep, that's enough. I'm done. I don't know how your wife's still there. I'm done. That's me. Red tape is gone.  
Them: Fantastic.  
Me: And then I moved into technological process mining to do a consultancy work on that side. So I moved from London down to Leamington Spa, which is like West Midlands.  
Them: Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.  
Me: And then I wanted to make my way back to Edinburgh after that. So then I got a job, a remote job. For external consultancy company for this mining work there. And then while I was there, I was, like. Me and my brother were chatting because he worked on a tangential space, and we thought we'd let us start our own business. It's been kind of like a lifelong dream for us.  
Them: Cool.  
Me: And not having higher ups is a privilege and a passion for us to experience. We started a consultancy company and that's been gone on for a couple years now. Basically what we did was from his experience was a lot in the partnership sides and kind of VC back go to market space. So it was largely kind of helping series A B size kind of companies putting their foundational go to markets. And I did a lot on the rev up side, got a couple of our colleagues on the kind of partnerships and outbound. And then from that experience, we kind of wanted to spin out a product about started that around November time, productizing the learnings based on kind of the behavioral stuff we saw. So they're now continuing the consultancy side that's funding the product side, and that's where I am here.  
Them: Good, good, good, good. That's a great story. That's a good one. Yeah, yeah. Very good.  
Me: So people ask me, what are you good? I'm like, I don't know. I started the next. I did some consulting, technology, product, rev Ops. I'm like, if this all went belly up, what would you do?  
Them: Of course.  
Me: Don't know. I've done a bit of selling partnership.  
Them: Don. 't know. Who cares? Who cares? But it's very similar, actually, William. Yeah, I'm very similar. So I think I started. I started doing a company called Vanquish Banking. It was a subprime credit, London business down in West Yorkshire. So that's why I end up in Leeds. And then basically, once I left, there. I went into. Actually, I took volunteer redundancy back in 2019, and then.  
Me: That was what I wanted when I was in government.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. So. So I actually planned to take a bit of time off, because I didn't. Well, I was here for 10 years, and then. And then Covid hit. But I didn't even. You know. I mean, I didn't even see it coming. I knew. I heard of it. But you're really, really naive, I think. I think everybody's learned a lot from that. But then I then took back in 2019, and in March 2020, Covid hit. And, you know, just sitting in the house, thinking myself, this wasn't well planned. You know what I mean? I've got a big plot of money here now. Nothing to do with so. So you can only do so many home improvements and everything else. So I then went to a friend of mine, worked in Amazon, so I joined Amazon. And then just to keep myself ticking over, I left there after a couple of years. I had to enjoy that. It was good. And then went into, funny enough, Scottish government consultancy and basic, consulted with them with a lot of the inquiries that were going on quite Covid inquiry Scottish child abuse and inquiry in Scotland, which is an interesting one. So done that and then basically went on to do a couple hours, but then for the last two years, We built basically, probably more the last year, but in the background, we've built quite a decent, decent business. Now, in terms of HubSpot onboarding, So base at HubSpot will come to us and use us to basically do their kind of implementation, onboarding, custom APIs if they need it, or if need a migration from like another CRM in terms of data, then basically we'll do that. We've got like a team of kind of developers onboarding specialists and then I'm the CGO and co founder. So I suppose my background is very vast, but I love, love love working in HubSpot ecosystem. I've been over like San Francisco rocket gover there and spend time with them over there, et cetera. So it's just been great. But I suppose probably to your point, which hit like, obviously it resonated with me, I sit back and think to myself, when you, when you, when you go for a job, I suppose what he is. When you look at some of the CV like that, they probably the first question asks you is, do you know what you want to do.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: And quite a lot of time. I'm actually really fortunate because I've been able to do all that and now figured out what I want to do. I think that's a difference. For me, that's a utopia because I speak to people very similar. So I done my master's and my degree and everything, and I speak to I speak to you. I give time back at Edinburgh, you know, sometimes, and I speak to some of the. Some of the kind of younger generations, and they haven't all got a clue what they want to do, like, they've not got a code. One gentleman was speaking to me last year and he was sitting race. Phone at his face and he was speaking to me. And I was actually asking my degree questions and asked him where I haven't put down tonight. He says, oh, yes, I'm going to speak to this company. And then I ask him again, what do you want for dinner? Acknowledgment, even talking to me. So I think, trying to kind of understand something in going for a career, the buffers have had so far, I think. I honestly think that's a utopia. As you bounce around and then you figure out eventually, I'm now 41, nearly basically what it is. You want to do?  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: But just quickly. So a bit about AI and Chris. So obviously we are HubSpot and boarding, et cetera, customer PI, migrations, et cetera. But Ray and I. Ray, I think. I don't know if you or somebody for the business was speaking to Ray. Ray, our CEO. I've been friends with Ray or been working with Ray for the last couple of years. We met another business. But I suppose for us is we've still. I would probably still. See we're getting started. Really? But I'm of keen interest. I'm really curious to learn new things or to speak to businesses where if I think they add value, then would certainly be something that would be able to sit down and look at, because we've now started obviously, like, generating enough revenue now to obviously start looking at other things. So I'm all ears today to see what it is obviously interested.  
Me: Perfect. I have to say, thank you so much for the story. And your experiences. It's so nice that you built a chat with people. And not necessarily have to have a veil on top of yourself.  
Them: Totally. Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: Because I've had conversations and everyone's talking about, like, oh, I sold this billions here. And I'm like, no, you did. You did this wee thing. And I'm like,  
Them: Garbage. Garbage. Listen, that's one thing about us in Scotland, we definitely were hatching the sleeve. But I think we can smell and navigate through the bullshit sometimes as well, so I think we're masters of that.  
Me: Yeah, I'll give you a background because how funnel version kind of popped up and as you say, this is like exploratory. Childon there's a hate hard seller I'm not going to hard sell and obviously meant to be. Hopefully excites you a little bit and if not feedback if you rip into it. That's just as useful for me, to be honest.  
Them: Of course. Yeah. Okay?  
Me: So basically the idea of it was that there's an incentive alignment problem between people that are responsible for data entry and people who care about data and HubSpot, namely at the pipeline level. So your deals, and that is your revlops, your sales directors, they really need pipeline data to be accurate up to date. Live because that's where you're forecasting decision comes into play. It's where your ICP refinement comes in. It's very important. But the people who put in the data, your sales reps, your AES. Generally, they don't like entering data into HubSpot because they want to focus on selling. They don't want to break their workflow. They're like the laziest hard workers you could possibly imagine. In my experience. So the kind of ideal Funnelvision was can we make it as easy as frictions as possible for those people to action hygiene issues?  
Them: Y. Eah.  
Me: So that the data is live updating, valuable for sales directors and revops to manage and make decisions on. And that's the basic idea of Funnelvision, to be honest. And we've been probably going hard at Outbound since about November, December time. We've got about four users on the platform just now. We've signed about five partnership contracts. One of them we're really hoping we can go public with next month. And right now, we think that partnership is a really good way for us to play, because you guys know your client base far better than we do. And most of our backgrounds and partnerships as well. So it's really about does Funnelvision fit into the offerings that you have, or can it add another chain to the armor that you guys have as an offer? And obviously, because we're young and early, we can be flexible in kind of how that fits in for you. But really, the key is final vision is something that you think solves a pain point that you're willing to solve for your clients. And is it something that would be interesting to explore? And that's the gist of it. Happy to give you a demo to walk through and everything, but does that kind of make sense?  
Them: It makes sense. Makes sense. I'm actually looking forward to the demo and walk through. I think I'm probably more visual.  
Me: Yeah, absolutely. Let me share my screen. And give me a shout when that pops up.  
Them: That's up now. Yeah. Excellent.  
Me: Awesome. So Funnelvision was really built before I should start? Actually, Funnelvision was really built on three core pillars. The first is Surface. All of your hygiene issues in one place. And then it's configured those issues that you track. What matters to that company? Sales motion. And then the third, as I mentioned, is make it as frictionless as possible to action those hygiene issues. So to get set up, super simple. You literally plug into HubSpot. It takes like two to five minutes. And once you're set up, you're instantly presented with, like, a snapshot audit of your company's pipeline. So how many deals are passed or close date or are stale? Or have a missing next step assigned to it. And then at the bottom is your leaderboard, showing you which of your deal owners are more on top of their hygiene relative to others. And this is usually where we get a lot of names for this dashboard. Some people call it a kill list, some people call it. This is usually really good for sales guys who give that. Let's call it healthy competition. On that.  
Them: Yeah. Just a question moment. So in terms of reader board. Because right now there's probably just me. It's driving kind of sales at the moment. Is this more suited to? Maybe somebody who I've now out of that kind of six months now, maybe six to 12. They're higher than more salespeople. Is it for one man bands? What's your client basically?  
Me: Yeah. So it really depends. So for. Well, I should actually say so. The way we want our partnerships to work is as a partner. You would get access to Final Vision for free, for testing purposes or whatever. And so when it comes to paying clients, yeah. So we have seen companies with like two or three salespeople using it, and it's not so much for the leaderboard function as it is for managing the admin or the chasing. But I would say the general way to think of the ICP is more on deal volume. So if you've got a client, that is, each deal owner has one or two deals assigned to them. Then I wouldn't say Funnelvision is a good use case for them, because if they're not keeping on top of their hygiene of one deal, something else, something else is a fundamental problem with that process. But if you've got like 15, 20 deals assigned to them, managing that hygiene is where final vision really comes in.  
Them: Yeah, of course. Yeah. Right. Okay. Atmos. Yeah. Okay?  
Me: So this is just your out of the box stuff. But obviously every company in Sales Motion has their own specificities. So we have this rules page on the left hand side and this lets you create any custom rule to surface any hygiene issue that you could possibly care about. And we pull in all the HubSpot properties. So custom ones, associated contact, associated company. We've made it as easy as possible, I think, to make these rules. So you literally just pick which properties you're interested in. So deal stage. And then whichever deal stage you care about, it could be early pipeline, light pipeline. And then you might think, okay, well, what else is important for this rule? You might say, okay, if it's got missing information, like your lead source is empty. Or the next step has not been not been updated in 10 days. And then you can surface that as a hygiene rule. And then the really powerful feature to creating your rule is this button. And what that means is when button is turned off, all it means is that your hygiene rule will still be surfaced and you would just have manual control on whenever you request an update. And if it's turned on.  
Them: Yeah. Okay, that's good.  
Me: If it's turned on, it means that whenever the condition of the rule is met, it will automatically send a notification in slacker teams to do deal loaner saying hey, here's your hygiene rule to action. Now, obviously, we're trying to solve behavioral adoption problems. So what you don't want to happen is that person to receive, like, 50 notifications whenever they get triggered, because that's going to be horrendous and they're going to ignore them. All. So what we actually send is that daily digest. So they get one single Slack or Teams message at, like, 9aM that outlines all of the deals that have been triggered in the last 24 hours in a single message. And then anything that's not been actioned will just get asked again the next day. So rather spam throughout the day. They just get one single message.  
Them: Okay?  
Me: So once you've done that, once you've surfaced your rules, you've configured them so you're tracking everything that matters to Sales Motion. The last piece of the puzzle is actually fixing them and actioning it. So we have this fixed issues page on the left. And this shows. There we go. This shows you all of the deals in your pipeline that have triggered some type of hygiene issue. And you can click on the rule for more information. You can filter by owners any specific issue you're looking for. You can see pending requests, which I don't have because I've been up to date with my data. But this would show you deals that have been asked for updates in the past that haven't been actioned yet. And so, just to show you how the flow looks I won't keep you for the daily digest till 9aM Tomorrow. So here are all of my deals that have hygiene issues. So let's say you want an update on this deal. William, owner. You can click on it, see which issues there are. I want an update on this deal. You just click Request Update. And then the deal owner instantly gets a slack notification. So you can see from the perspective of the person receiving this notification. They don't need to know Funnelvision exists. They could be on their phone, at the airport, on the train, wherever it is they're working without breaking their workflow. They know exactly what they need to action. Let's say the amount is 10,000. There's no next step for the deal, so let's say it's schedule a demo. With sarah. And right now, the close date is currently set for february twenty eigth in the past. Okay, maybe they need to push that to end of April. They update the deal and that's it. This gets reflected in HubSpot, so any dashboards or views that are using this data automatically get reflected. Funnelvision also gets reflected. It tells them what they've updated the deal with. And also you can see part of that daily Digest system. I can now work through any other deals that have got hygiene issues as well.  
Them: And with this update go then William, does it go into HubSpot whereabout and to not so how. How is that?  
Me: Straight into the actual field. So you'll see here in HubSpot. The amount's been set. 10,000. The close date's been set. And then the next steps over here.  
Them: Wow. Okay?  
Me: So everything, wherever the field is, that gets stored against, stored there. And then the last thing to show you, which is probably interesting from your perspective from a macro view, is this Check performance page. This shows you a macro view the overall health of a pipeline. So what percentage of the pipeline have deals that have got no hygiene issues? They're completely clean. That's 11%. How many deals have issues? How many have been resolved? You can filter this by dates, by users. You can see at the bottom a user breakdown. So how many times they've been sent an update, how many times they've responded, how many of the actions manually or the daily digest. So from your perspective, if you're managing multiple clients, you can show them hey, since we engage with you, you started with a clean pipeline of 11%. And then the last month, you now got a pipeline of 50% that's clean to give you kind of a measurable performance impact as well. And that's really the basic prep.  
Them: Yeah. In terms of criteria that you set for with issues, what are the criteria around the officer that you're selecting that the dealers have issues?  
Me: So it is these eight here.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: So out of the box. We've got if a deal is passed its close date that's been set, or it's got a missing close date, or it's got a missing next step or stale if it's got missing amount or there's no owner assigned to the deal, or there's no company assigned to the deal. We surface these out of the box. You can also turn these off as well. So if we go to the rule page. And you go to your built in rules. You can just turn any of these off as well so you don't have to have them on.  
Them: Okay?  
Me: But what we're actually looking to do now, and actually, I'd add another partner conversation this morning to do is some partners have come to us and said, well, there's a few rules that they have custom built.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: That they would have per client. So what we're actually change those to say hey, you're pre built ones will just be custom runs.  
Them: Of course.  
Me: So it's nice and easy just to surface them across different client instances.  
Them: In terms of what you've shown me right there. Right. I can certainly in the last business I was in a business called Insider, basically before we started. E.I. uncrest Insider is a number one HubSpot diamond partner global based out of India. Basically, Sea Ro stays in Bangkok, basically. But he obviously moved. One of the things as I remember from there is I would. Say from that? I would say that there was eight in the sales team. And I never ever felt that there were certain people had a good hand on things. Probably I'm of the impression only the paranoid survive. I always like to make sure that I know my numbers and I know what's going on. But even. Even with that mindset, I would still say you're never 100% spot on. I think deals can come in, and if you're on a call and basically, like, in terms of hygiene, you might miss some things and people. Okay, you know what? I should have signed that person. I should then show them that. I could certainly see it of a business with maybe like, 34, even five salespeople. But I think for me, From where we are right now. I wouldn't say that it's probably beneficial. We've got, like, for this month in March, we've got two pages, dearest, basically, which I've came through and obviously being assigned to me by HubSpot reps. But I would certainly say as we evolve, even like I would say three reps, because it allows me to be more productive. I would rather just look at one screen and say, right, I need an update on that, because right now I can see it. I would go into HubSpot. I would click into the reps I want to see. I would go, why? Why have they not moved that out? Why is that date sitting there? Why is that so already I'm jotting stuff down when really what you're doing is you're eradicating that. Completely for me because I can just go into slack. If I'm sitting on the train from sitting on a flight with wifi, I can just basically send that over to them and get an answer. And obviously, we use slack, obviously as our main mode of communication as well. So I can certainly see it for that. But. But I think for us right now, we're probably too small for it, if I'm honest. Yeah.  
Me: No, absolutely. If we went down the partner, you'd get it for free. So you don't have to worry about the album there. But the clients that you're engaging with, is it something do you think they could benefit from or that we'd get value from?  
Them: Of course. Yeah, yeah. I think so. So here's my thought is I think within. So where, you know, the ecosystem or not. Right. But I think there's one thing that I'm seeing within HubSpot right now is in speaking to them in the US and the UK is hotspot going up market, basically, and then moving from startup into mid stage. Mid stage businesses where anything like with I would say they're probably going to lower that. It's probably going to be like 100 poise plus. That's going to be their buoyant market. They can't move straight away because they're small businesses to lucrative for them right now, but they're going to go mid stage and enterprise. I would say that. I would say that this could certainly 100% help them. And I could see the clients, and probably there's a few clients that I can see right now. This would probably help them. And I think it's more suited for maybe, I would say maybe 5 and above if they've just got one person. Because a lot of the head odds or the chiefs that I speak to are all saying, kevin, I'm too busy. Far too busy. I can't learn HubSpot, and I can't do it. Even though they're getting more involved in, like, maybe implementation at HubSpot. They're still saying, listen, I'm going to assign this person. I'm going to say nat person. I'm trying to drive sales. I would say this would certainly help them. From what you've, from what you've showed me, and that's the only reason why I say a bit inside. This would have helped some of the guys there inside you to basically to use this because the way that we were going down pipeline management, they were using it. We're using a spreadsheet and using HubSpot in more missing stuff all the time. So I think this would certainly help.  
Me: Yeah. Because the way we're looking at for the partnership model to work is, as I mentioned, Kenneth before, there's two things to say, really. One is we're kind of flexible regarding how you engage clients, like whether it's a retainer, managed service. Or whoever it is you plan to that we can try and fit Funnelvision into accommodate that. And just kind of on the commercials as well, just make sure, because we're leaning into partnerships to kind of. Make this work is we're wanting to be nice and generous, so we're looking for. For the first engagement. Funnelvision. Get signed, you'd get a 50% kickback. To yourself. And thereafter, anything that gets climbed 20% in Pituity. So there's no. No limit there. But yeah, again, just little incentive alignment there. But I said it's mostly about making sure it fits in with your business model and your way of offering and that it fits in with the clients needs because we want to make sure your benefits not just the client, but also you, so that you can show off and go hey, if you can onboard someone nice and easily and you can use Funnelvision to deploy, that makes you look better, which is better for us.  
Them: Of course. Of course. So how is Funnelvision? Is it in the HubSpot app marketplace?  
Me: It's in the marketplace. Yeah.  
Them: Yeah. Okay. Have you had any reviews or anything or anybody?  
Me: No. So we're actually really quiet on the marketplace. As I said, we've really focusing on direct selling to partners just now. And then once we a few of those.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Getting the reviews will come. After that.  
Them: Right. Okay, I'm just. I'm just having a look at now. Okay, Understood. And you've got your shared data points when there's obviously. Is it Funnelvision, Core Limited, is that right?  
Me: Yes, it should be that one.  
Them: No. Yeah, perfect. You've already had 10 + installs already seemingly so, which is good. And then you've got companies, bi directional deals and then one way syncon contacts. Right. Okay, so I think. In terms of. So the reason why I'm saying about obviously the market is we do startups. I'm just off a call from 11aM and it's two people within the business. But they've got massive potential to scale. There were a large generator business and they're looking obviously like branch out. They've already. They're hiring a couple other people as well in the next kind of quarter, but they've got quite a lot of revenue coming in. So right now I would say probably no. But what we do is, is basically we do like, we work them for them. It'll be six weeks. In six weeks time, they might have like three other sales guys. And then I do a barometer test in six weeks time and say, do you need anything else? And if he? And how is HubSpot doing? And he'd say, kevin, you know what? I'm a bit all over the place, which nine times at 10, this is what they say to me. This is a CEO or the chief or the head with a bit overpress at the moment. Kevin so the conversation, I would say it certainly helps for me to say, well, it's normal sales. I'm trying to move this. I'm trying to do this. I'm trying to do that. So suppose I can see it there, but the client side area on a day to day basis. I wouldn't say that a lot of them would fit exactly what you're kind of pitching back there because they're only like one man bands, basically.  
Me: Yeah. And that makes, that makes absolute. If they're not focusing on forecasting, reporting, then. Yeah.  
Them: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Actually, that's what. That's why. That's why we're here for them, basically, because we're trying to give them that kind of vision, like to basically say, well, listen, we can make your life more simpler. We can make you more productive outside here, because HubSpot will do all. This for you and we'll onboard you and do this and do that, et cetera. By the way, have we still got time or do you have to? Do you have to? So I think for me, though, right, and the reason why I'm saying this right, is come the 1st of April, there's more. And more reps that are going to move from startup ecosystem into mid stage, and then there's going to be more rates moving from mid stage into enterprise within that HubSpot ecosystem, and there's going to be a lot less within startups.  
Me: I've got a few minutes here. Absolutely.  
Them: I would say from April onwards that my conversations hoping will be a bit more kind of upmarket because I'm more suited to a mid stage and enterprise. It's just the money right now is in startups for us. So I would say that you definitely fit that market so much better. Or the ones they're now out. That kind of ship moment where. You know what I mean, that six month. I would say the first six months is always quite tricky. If you're over a year, you've potentially got something and I think the clients over a year. And moving forward, they've already maybe hired. So we've only been going like, maybe like eight months. But I'm looking to be looking at higher, some salespeople shortly, maybe in the next, maybe kind of three to six months. We're looking higher, but I would say even with another two salespeople, I'd still be all over it. We know there are four sales people. I would probably need use guys. That's what I'm saying. Because my wife will get busier. My wife will get more. Right now, I've got time. And I think your markets are basically that. Especially if your HubSpot, what I can see is coming out of that dangerous. Can you start up motion? Obviously. Right. Okay. We're actually self sustainable and then into mid stage which is common. We HubSpot into basically enterprise. So that's where sheet work.  
Me: As well is the idea of who doesn't have capacity or who's in that privileged position where they have too much time selling, they don't need to do the admin. And that's kind of for a Funnelvision, kind of plugs that.  
Them: Yeah, absolutely, absolutely, absolutely. And I suppose me having three or four different phone calls or Slack messages or emails or going through, if that's all synchronized into one space, just like the Slack where most people live nowadays, that makes it kind of like frictionless, basically.  
Me: 's the word.  
Them: It's a hot topic, isn't it?  
Me: None of that. Really, really appreciate that Kevin. And honestly, the feedback and the thought is as valuable as anything for us at this stage. So it sounds like maybe worth engaging maybe in another mid April or.  
Them: Yeah, definitely. Definitely. Especially since the course as well. Let's keep in touch because I think if somebody comes to me. Right. And says, Kevin, struggling with sales, especially since you're homegrown as well. I was certainly mention obviously you as guys to try and see what we can do. And if you don't, know how to put at marketplace. It makes it malai so much easier because I'll just search you, bring you up, and I'll do probably nine or ten calls a week. So if somebody mentioned it to me, I will certainly, certainly bring you guys up. But I'm happy to touch base again. Middle April. If you want.  
Me: Something. Yeah, let's do it. I can imagine. I'll be flexible. My diary is not that far ahead.  
Them: Noise.  
Me: Yeah, I'll just put a placeholder in mid April, if that makes. If that works for you.  
Them: Awesome. Just do that, then I'll accept.  
Me: Amazing. Kevin, thank you so much for the time and. Yeah, absolute pleasure. Thank you, thank you, thank you.  
Them: Not a good man. Good to meet you. Thanks. William, speak soon.  
Me: Best luck. Hopefully you got all goes well in the mid market stuff.  
Them: Hopefully. Fingers crossed. Cheers. Bye. Bye.