Meeting Title: Alex Enache and FunnelVision
Date: Mar 10
Meeting participants: Alex


Transcript:
 
Them: How are you?  
Me: Hello, Alex. How are you doing?  
Them: Lovely to meet you. I'm very well. How are you?  
Me: I'm very happy, I have to say. Very happy. It's been a good week. Lovely weekend. The sun is shining.  
Them: Amazing. Glad to hear.  
Me: How about you?  
Them: My week has been really good. Mondays and Tuesdays are a bit more demanding on my side, so a little bit caught up in the fatigue of back to back calls, but other than that I can't complain. It's good to meet you. Sarah mentioned a couple of things about you guys. She did show me the product, very quick video, so I was keen to learn more. I think on my side I'm always looking for good partnerships for our clients. We only work with HubSpot that use HubSpot, so definitely scope for us to explore a partnership. And I guess from my side, when I saw the product the first time, I was like, I don't see what's unique that I couldn't build myself in HubSpot in, like, a data quality dashboard. But the more that Sarah showed me the platform and the different notifications that are sent to salespeople, I kind of started to understand, okay, this is kind of the. Uniqueness of it. I guess so. Anyways, it would be great to know you.  
Me: Amazing.  
Them: I would love to see the product a little bit more and maybe just talk about. If you were me, how would you pitch it, I guess, to our clients.  
Me: Yeah, absolutely. But first I have to ask, are you based in Glasgow?  
Them: I'm based in Glasgow. Yeah, Originally from Romania, though, but, yeah, I've been based in Glasgow for a few years now.  
Me: Apologize. I just have to ask because.  
Them: No.  
Me: I'm with the fire and the train station. Are you affected by the tour? Are you all okay?  
Them: Thankfully I wasn't. Yeah, it really sad to see that. I used to live very close to that area about three years ago. Now I'm quite far away from it. So yeah, there are no devs or like even injuries. So that's great to see. But yeah, it's a very beautiful building that. Was destroyed. So that's. That's very sad, actually, to see.  
Me: Yeah. Well, yeah. Most glad you're you're okay. You're not catching the train anytime soon.  
Them: Thankfully, no. So I wasn't affected by the titer, but it's a major disruption now with it. Yeah.  
Me: Y. Eah. But it'd be good to know as well, I think. Yeah. As I say, we're leaning heavily into the partnership site. So yeah, I can give you a more walkthrough on the tool. We can chat like the commercials on the product side. But I guess what would be useful to know as well is how. How do you manage clients and engage with them? Like what your sales cycles look like, like what kind of things you offer. Because. Because we're not quite flexible. We're new. We can accommodate to how however you operate best. We've had some of our partners use Funnelvision, for example, as a managed service.  
Them: Y.  
Me: Some of them use it as a new revenue line. So they'll. They'll package it as a pipeline integrity adoption and it'll just package it. And so they have a new revenue line. So they'll manage basically the pipeline use funnel mechanism. Sometimes they use it for change management and enablement. So really we could be on that side. So it's really the case of what works best for you. So how do you engage with clients? What services do you offer? And we want to make sure this is, as a, you know, as easy and flexible for you and is beneficial for you as possible.  
Them: Eah. Yeah. I really appreciate it. So we focus a lot on, like, revenue operations. So obviously, within the Hubs system, I think the biggest push is on, like, HubSpot onboarding and, you know, building some dashboards. Like, for us, it's like HubSpot is just one of the tools that our clients have in their tech stake. It's a very important tool, and it's the tool where we build most processes on. But it's not the only tool. I always look for partnerships of tools that integrate with HubSpot. It's always like a must have for me. I'm not really considering partnerships with companies that don't integrate with HubSpot. And we tend to actually not just use the tools and help clients with them. We tend to help the clients purchase the right tools and have them embedded within their ecosystem. So the way I see us working is, you know, we identify a new client that we think has a need for the tool. We would might get them on a quick trial. If it's something that you guys offer, if you don't, obviously it's. Down to me to assist how, like, good the tool is and making sure when I recommend it to my clients, you know, they don't have any unexpected surprises, I guess. But, yeah, that's how it usually works. So we. We tend to work with up to 10 clients at any given time. It's very rare. We go past it. We have two people working full time with us. We have two other contractors that, that we get support from and currently looking to hire another senior person in the team. So we offer a very premium service to our clients. And I talk, I'm not just talking about the delivery, but also the prices that we charge to our clients. So we are. I would describe us as like a boutique revolution consultancy. I think we probably charge slightly more than elite agencies would charge, but that's not because I come from that background as well. I used to lead the sales consultancy team at two different elite partners, Hubble being one of them, and Prospero Hub, who is now part of the Siloi Group. Both of those companies were like partner of the year this year and last year. So quite, you know, it was interesting, I guess, to be part of that. And I think for me, it's not just about HubSpot. Like, HubSpot is great. I love HubSpot and, and I've always did. But for me, it's about how do we. How do we build automated, scalable processes to get companies to their revenue goals? So that's why we can charge at least what elite partners are charging, because we are not just the HubSpot. Agency.  
Me: You're focusing on the value, right? It's like HubSpot's just a means to achieve something, right? That's what. That's not the solve.  
Them: I feel like a lot of companies, they purchase HubSpot and they think this, this magic tool that's going to solve their problems. And the reality is, yeah,  
Me: Yeah. Do you know? I love how your brain works because we're very similar in that sense. Because I see a lot of companies, even, even HubSpot pirates, I've spoken to. I don't know how many, many, many. They say, okay, my job is to implement HubSpot. And I'm like, well, that's. If that's job, that's your ceiling. That's all you're going to do.  
Them: Y.  
Me: What does that actually mean? Like, the client doesn't want HubSpot. No one cares about HubSpot. HubSpot's just a really cool tool.  
Them: Eah. Y.  
Me: To achieve. You know, consolidating your data, viewing your data, refining your icp. It's a cool way to achieve things. But in and of itself, it's just. It's just a warehouse of data. It's all in.  
Them: It's nothing. Right? That's the reality. Like, you get a bunch of tools, but if you don't have the right partner by your side to help them make the most of it and build your processes and think about how you automate those processes and what your gaps are, that's really what we are about. So I've, I've been in this space for about seven years. I built for our company, like, a Revops maturity model. So that includes like, 65 different key areas across all stages of the sales funnel of the customer journey. Sorry. And that's what we are trying to embed. So we are trying to teach people. Ok. How do you measure? What do you even define a lead? Like, everyone will have different definitions of that. How do you track your lead sources? How do you track your deal sources? Like, what are the stages of your pipeline? Like, all of these things, we try to put them inside the model. And I guess we've been this model. HubSpot tends to be the brain of the operation if you want. But then there are lots of areas that HubSpot is just not good enough. So even when it comes to what you guys do. Yes, I can trigger tasks to salespeople. I could even push a notification. In Slack or teams. But, you know, is that effective? A lot of the times it's not. So how do we take things like, how do we. I mean, literally speaking to someone. I was so keen to actually speak to you now because from 3pm I'm speaking with a company and one of the biggest pain points they have is adherence to task compliance of salespeople. So and I'm speaking directly to their CEO, it's like a 15 million turnover business, so it's not like a small business either. And what he said is, I want to find a way to make salespeople embarrassed if they don't complete us. That's what they told me. So I was quite keen to speak to you before that call because obviously it's very topical, I guess, for the discussion.  
Me: Absolutely. So I was going to say that across. Across from the client. So experience. Do you feel that pipeline hygiene is a problem that you've seen? Quite commonly.  
Them: Yeah, absolutely. I think it's. And I was asking Sarah about this, and she wasn't sure. Does your solution only work on deals or tickets as well?  
Me: So right now only deals, but we've got cross object in the roadmap.  
Them: So you should definitely think about tickets as well, because I think there is so many use cases around tickets for customer success teams. But even we have lots of clients that are working on their onboarding processes out of HubSpot as well. So they tend to create ticket pipelines to manage onboarding stages and onboarding activities. So I do see that as an very important.  
Me: Well, the good thing if you work with usne early is a couple of the partners we've already signed, we've been building out some bespoke features that they've already asked for. So I'll show you later because we've actually built something subsequently to my chat with Sarah, which was a wonderful chat. I really liked Sarah. She's amazing how you found her.  
Them: There's a lot of. I used to be Sarah's Winter, so she used to be a grad at Hubble, and I was her mentor. So literally from the first day of, like, using HubSpot, so I was her mentor for about a year and a half. Then we both lived Hubble. She went to another agency. She led the solution architecture team at a diamond partner. I started my own company and a few years in after we came a bit more stable, I managed to get her to join.  
Me: Remarkable job. I mean, it's amazing. So, as I was saying, because one of her partners, what they wanted to view was like a performance metric dashboard to view, like, the impact of Funnelvision. So things like what percentage of your pipeline is clean, like, has no issues, and then tracking that over time by users. So we pulled that along pretty, pretty quickly.  
Them: Nice, nice.  
Me: So more feedback you can give us and like things that are important for your clients.  
Them: Sure.  
Me: You can let us know and we can absolutely prioritize.  
Them: Nice. That's. That sounds awesome. And, yeah, I think a big value for you guys from this partnership is also getting this feedback. Like, for me, I really care a lot about the world partnership, I think. There is. I think we live in a complicated world at the moment, and the desire to make money has always been here, but now it's more than ever. It's. It seems to be the only driver of a lot of businesses. And for me, thankfully, I'm at a point in my life where I'VE achieved a lot of my financial goals, so now I'm focusing more about working with the right type of companies and people that I actually enjoy working with and also. Choosing partners that I also generally can help and not just get a commission from. Of course I'm not going to spend a ton of time and not getting any financial in return, but I'm not expecting that to happen instantly. And I also want more than that from a partnership. So I would love us to run some maybe webinars together. I would love us to think about how do we push more social content and, you know, raise awareness about your product and obviously awareness about ourselves as a consultancy. For me, partnership is not just getting a commission from you guys. It's, you know, that's, that's important. I'M not saying it's not, but I want us to collaborate in different places as well.  
Me: Yeah, it's the soft side. Right. So it's important for co marketing, co selling. If you ever want to bring us into sales cycles, Discovery calls that. Sort.  
Them: 100%.  
Me: And absolutely. And I don't know if it's worth it. I can chat the commercials if you want. We're looking at.  
Them: Yep, let's do this. I also would love to understand a bit more about the platform. So for example, very specific about tasks like is your platform able to flag tasks that are not completed and stuff like that. So just because for I have this call. So it would be good to understand that more. Yeah.  
Me: I'll skim over the commercial week and I'll jump into the product after.  
Them: Awesome.  
Me: What we're looking at is for. For the first signed engagement, you'd get a 50% kickback straight back to you. And then thereafter, 20% commission in pituitary, regardless of contract length. So regardless of how long the client signs for, you'd get 20%. And that's in gratuity all time, forever.  
Them: Okay? Awesome. I'm not even going to push back on that because I think that's very fair. I think for us, anything less than 20%. No, I don't know much about your pricing, but that doesn't matter. I think in general, 20% is fair just because of how much work we put into embedding your product and continuously working with our clients. I think, you know, if a product is generally good, we want to make sure clients retain it for a long time. And our engagement as well, we mainly have like, you know, six to 12 months retainers. We have clients on two year retainers, for example, as well. So we do. That's why I'm saying it's not just we refer your lead and then hopefully we win it. We probably help your product be very sticky within the clients that we. We work with.  
Me: Yeah, absolutely. And that makes complete sense for us as well. And that's again, the way, the way you're thinking, even just thinking of business is so aligned with how, with how you operate as well. It's very long term and I like that. I've been in that kind of short term sales cycles. And it's just not nice.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: It's just dirty.  
Them: No. No. No. And I'm also the type of person that if I think it's not a good fit, I would never take any contract just for the sake of, you know, winning some revenue. Because I know I'm not work long term with that company, so there's no point, you know?  
Me: So, shall we jump into pride? I don't know if I can give you the.  
Them: What's the pricing looking like? As well? Sorry.  
Me: So the price again, we can be fairly flexible. We're looking at Our current pricing model is 5,000 pound for an annual fee.  
Them: Okay?  
Me: But if you have clients that are like, okay, we'll only play month, pay monthly, then we can try and accommodate. But that's looking like our ballpark.  
Them: Got it. Okay. Makes sense.  
Me: But yeah. So shall we do me to give you the whole product spiel demo, or do you want me to just, you know, just show you some specific.  
Them: I think I was. I would love to understand the usps, the, the way you see them. Obviously you have built this like. I would love to understand what was, were the biggest gaps in the market that you are finding. And again, from my side, I'm looking at those things that I wouldn't be able to build as a consultant, I think that's super important for me to. To understand.  
Me: So being really simply. I think the single biggest USP final vision has is actionability on hygiene issues. So the ability for deal owners to action their issues without needing to enter HubSpot without breaking the workflow inside Slack or teams. They get a simple message that they can just go, hey, here are all the issues that you have. They don't have to navigate anything. They don't need to figure anything out. They just get a simple form that goes, hey. What do I need to do? And they can do that on their phone, at the airport, on the train. And what that means is the lag between CRM data and what's actually reported is the smallest possible. And you have constant visibility on that. And I think because what we found was knowing the problem. Is only half the battle. Doesn't solve it. The problem. It just means, you know, there's a problem. You need to actually fix the problem. And what we found was, in our experience, most salespeople. Are the laziest hard workers on the planet. They'll do anything except enter the CRM.  
Them: Yeah, yeah, makes sense.  
Me: So that was it. And then addition to that, it was basically, okay, well, then we make it as easy as possible for them to fix it. But then how do we also make it as easy as possible to surface those issues and configure those issues so that you track what matters most to you? So whether it's, you know, sending daily digests, being able to view all of your deals with issues in one place, or, as I say, check your metrics.  
Them: Y.  
Me: All of that can be done in Funnelvision was really designed to be a low touch tool. So you build your rules, you configure them, you let everything run in the background, and then you can just log in as needed. To make sure that your rules are running, you need to escalate anything. And you can also view your pending request. So things have been asked in the past that have been actioned and you can monitor that and track that. So it's really easy escalation mechanism.  
Them: Eah. Makes sense.  
Me: And what you've alluded to earlier is you. You also have your leaderboards, so you can see who's on top of that hygiene, who's not on top of that hygiene. Track that over time to see who the culprits are. We've actually had some really funny names for it from our partners. Or some people call it the kill list for salespeople. So that kind of makes. Does that resonate with.  
Them: No, it resonates a lot, and I think I would love. And again, I apologize. I'm just looking at so many tools and. And I. I know Sarah showed this to me as a brief video, but would you mind taking me through some of the main functionality? We don't need to do a super extensive demo, but just to get the feel for the product. That would be really good to to see.  
Me: Yeah, easy. Let me know if that pops up for your screen.  
Them: Yeah, I can see it. Thank you.  
Me: So I won't give you a but to get set up, super simple. You just plug into HubSpot. Takes like two to five minutes. And then you're instantly presented with this view, which shows you out of the box hygiene issues. So how many deals have I passed or close date or are stale or have I missing the next step? You have. Oops. You have the hygiene leaderboard at the bottom, as I said, which shows you which of your dealers are more on top of their hygiene.  
Them: Y.  
Me: Then you have your rules page where you can build your rules. I won't show you this in detail, but this is where basically you can build your custom rules.  
Them: Eah. That makes sense. And when you connect the tool for the first time, are there a few rules that you guys set up out of the box that you can edit or remove or. Yeah.  
Me: So out of the box, you have the, like, missing amounts, missing next steps.  
Them: Y.  
Me: And it's funny enough you have a college. I had a call tonight with one of our partners who said that they asked that exact question because they have some rules that they will use across client instances. So what we're looking to do now is trying to find out across our most trusted partners, you know, which ones are really common rules that we can just deploy as custom rules off the bat.  
Them: Eah.  
Me: It's just these inbuilt ones because, what, you don't want us to have too many rules and it becomes really scary to look at.  
Them: Yeah, agreed.  
Me: You have this check performance page, which is something we built since my call with Sarah. And basically, this is kind of the macro view of your page, so it shows you what percentage of deals in your active pipe are clean. How many have issues, how many have been resolved? At the bottom you see the breakdown by users. So if you can imagine you were looking at a client instance that had like 10 salespeople, you can see how many each of them were sent update requests, how many of them responded. So this is a really good way for you. If you were looking at it as you could say, hey. This is the impact of Funnelvision. Funnelvision has cleaned 50% more of your pipeline. Here are the main reasons why these people have actioned them. All these people haven't actioned it. And it's really all about accountability on this.  
Them: Yeah. And may I ask in terms of. So obviously the focus is a lot on deals and different data points that our guests are not updated within deals like closed data is in the past. That's one of the rules or you haven't entered the next step. That's another rule.  
Me: Yes.  
Them: What about tasks specifically? Like is your tool solving for that at the moment? So for example, a task due date is in the past. I want the salesperson to be notified about.  
Me: So. So right now it's only looking at deals. But like I said, we are looking to do cross objects with things like company contact tickets, line items as well.  
Them: Okay? I think the task one is quite a big one because not only for manual tasks, but there are, I think, in the rev up space, a big part of our job is to identify this type of gaps and alert people through tasks. Right. So I appreciate you guys. We are building almost the task within Funnelvision. So I get that part as well, but there might be other. Tasks that are not necessarily something to do with a rule within a deal, for example.  
Me: Absolutely. And if. And this is something we can all. We can always explore as an option as well. Like, if you have a client that has that as like a. Would be a really nice to have. We could use them as like a. Like a guinea pig and bring them and say, hey, we're going to build this out. Can you want to be our test users? Because that's the bit that's useful for us, is your feedback. Because when we speak to you, you've got dozens of clients or. You've spoken to me. So when I speak to you, I really value your feedback. Because I'm not speaking to just one client that has one problem. I'm speaking to someone that is aggregating feedback.  
Them: Y.  
Me: So many instances.  
Them: Eah. And I have this as an ex, first of all. I know not everything that you get a feedback will be implemented then it should not be implemented anyways. But I think the tasks with I have this client that I know for sure has a big need for it. But I also think, like if you ask me as a consultant and someone that's been doing this for the past seven years. I see a lot of value in something like that. A lot of the tasks could be something that's just built as a role in Funnelvision. So I respected that could be the case. However, there are other things that I don't think will be just rules. So, for example, what that CEO told me is I get a lot of insights and at the moment, what I do about opportunities, people should go after. What I do at the moment. I send a slack message to my team, but that goes nowhere. So what I would like to do is to trigger a task on HubSpot and make sure I understand whether it's completed or not completed. Then push that message into my sales people. So it's a weird one, because the task it might be, it probably will be associated maybe to a contact or a company. Very unlikely it will be associated to a deal. So obviously even that you wouldn't be able to do anything with tasks associated with deals either, I guess, at this stage. But generally those tasks would just be associated to context and companies. I guess so, yeah.  
Me: The good thing is it's not impossible. Right? So we can absolutely build that out.  
Them: Yeah, okay. Yeah.  
Me: So the last thing I'll show you is the fix issues page. Let me refresh. This shows you all of the deals that have. Where are they that have hygiene issues if they pop up? What are they? Or maybe there's none. Maybe.  
Them: Maybe you have a filter on.  
Me: There we go. Yeah. So I was looking at another one. So these are all of my deals that have hygiene issues and you can click them for more information. And you can, like, filter this by any specific issue. This is the pending request updates feature I was showing you before. And just to show you kind of simply how the flow would look manually, if you wanted an update on this deal, deal, deal D, you would just click Request update. Slack notification appears instantly. So the person receiving this notification doesn't need to touch HubSpot. They don't need to touch Funnelvision. They can be on their phone. Whatever is they're working, they just get told there's no amount for this deal. And maybe it's 10,000. There's no next step. Maybe it's scheduled demo. With. And the close dates in the past, so maybe they need to put that.  
Them: So they only get to update the things they need to update in here, right? Yeah. Okay, yeah.  
Me: Exactly. They update it. It tells them what they've done. Here are the other deals that I've hygiene issues that I could just action just know if I wanted. And that's it. That's the premise of Funnelvision, action issues. And you can imagine if you had complex rules or convoluted rules, You can customize what appears there.  
Them: Y. Eah.  
Me: That's Funnelvision in a nutshell. For now, anyway. As you say, that's version one. We've got a really cool roadmap of where we're wanting to go, which is being led mostly by partners. We actually had one of our partners back in January who had a lot of clients on teams, and so we built a whole teams integration.  
Them: I have all my I hate themes. I will. I'll put it out there. All our clients are on teams. Except an American client. Everyone is on teams. And. And we. It's just how it happened. Obviously, it's not what we want, but everyone is on teams. Is your teams, and I'm asking very candidly here, is your team's integration as good as your slick one at the moment? Like, is the. Is it. Is it functional at the moment?  
Me: Exact same. Exact same, except actually, our CTO prefers the form in teams.  
Them: What is it? Okay?  
Me: I'll show you my screen.  
Them: Yeah. If you don't mind, it would be good to just.  
Me: It's not connected. Sorry. So I can't actually show you the float, but I can show you kind of what a notification would look like. Where is it? Where am I? Here we go. So this is like what an example notification in teams would look like. Whoops. So you can see here. This is like the Daily Digest showing up super easy. What the form would look like. So it's the exact same principle. They would just get a notification inside teams in a little chat box in the left.  
Them: Perfect. Okay. And in terms of. So I'm working with a client, very security conscious. They are a compliance provider in the uk. I think they could. Funnily enough, I saved them 4k on a tool literally 2 days ago that they are purchasing. So I know on your website you have some sort of promotion now for, like, new clients that want to come on board. I don't even think we need necessarily to access that promotion now, but I think it's something I could start pitching to them. To be honest, I think it's something they could. They would really like. Can you do me a favor? I'll share with you a couple of security questions that I have. Like a list of questions that are standard questions from their legal counsel. Would you mind taking a look and letting me know your thoughts on each of them so I can do this straight after the call? The other thing is, would you mind? Maybe you have this already. Can you please record me a quick demo, but not of how you set up the rules, but how you could request an update from the platform, how it looks on teams, you updating it on teams and maybe going to HubSpot to show that the information was updated. So just like a two minute video, because what I'll do, I will get the information from you. I'LL speak to their commercial officer and their chief executive officer about it. And I think they would really, I think they would really like this. They love this idea of people staying in teams and being able to update things in teams. I think it could make a huge difference to, again, 20 million pound business, really big and established business. Like 5k spend is almost. It's like nothing, to be honest. So let's try to explore that, and maybe that would be our first lead together.  
Me: That sounds amazing. I would love that. And if you want, I can send along a really simple partner agreement if you want to sign that, and then I'll send you that video. Just popple on the security questions and easy peasy.  
Them: Yeah, please do. Yeah, please do. Amazing. And just to let you know. So as I mentioned, I'm originally from Romania. I'm now in a fun period of my life where we we will be transitioning back to Romania after being in the U. K for about 12 years. Our UK business has been established for about three years. It's going to be continue being set set up here, will not close off the business or anything like that. But I did set up an entity in Romania back in November. Are you okay if the agreement is without Romanian entity? Do you have any issues with that? Okay, so I'll share with you the information about the company. Would you? Need anything else except my name, the name of the company.  
Me: Perfect. Just the address, really.  
Them: And the address.  
Me: That's a super easy agreement. Don't worry. Super simple.  
Them: No worries. I'm happy to make it all official. I think it covers both of us, you know, and I'm sure no one is trying to catch each other's out with anything, but it's just good to. To. To have it all together. And I'll send to you in a separate email. Those questions from this. So the company is called Skillcast. We've been working with them for about three and a half years now. So I'll send you the lead name just so you have it. But then also the question, the legal questions, because if something is really a no go, I don't even want. To waste their time talking about it.  
Me: It's meant to be easy. I want to make your life difficult. Their life difficult.  
Them: The last thing I want is to get them excited about something and then for it not to be a no go. So that's awesome. I'll. I'll send it through. Real lovely meeting you. If I can help you with anything as well, please do, do let me know. Just to let you know as well. We also have. A partner agreement. It works a bit differently to yours, I guess. So we offer just 10% up to 1k for any lead that anyone refers to us. If you come across any companies that could use not just HubSpot help, but help with their revenue operations, please feel free to run it. Pass me and yeah, that would be great if you come across.  
Me: A few community channels and things. I'll keep an eye at 100%. Absolutely.  
Them: Awesome. I really appreciate it. Also, do you go by William or Will? I just wanted to check.  
Me: Either. I presumed you were Alex. I didn't realize.  
Them: I am. Yeah. Yeah. My full name is Alexandro, but only my mom calls me that when she's upset with me. So Alex is. Is. Is the one for me. What. What do you prepare?  
Me: Either. Honestly. Again, all my friends call me Will. My family, Conley, William. So as long as it's not, I'm happy.  
Them: Interesting. Okay, so that's. That's easy then. Awesome. Really, really nice meeting you. Really enjoyed our chat. And I'll send through that information just now.  
Me: Perfect. Thank you so much. Looking forward to.  
Them: Thanks a lot. Take care. Bye. Bye.