Meeting Title: b10 / FunnelVision catch-up
Date: Mar 19
Meeting participants: Aiden, Alex


Transcript:
 
Me: Hi, aiden. William.  
Them: William. Can you hear me?  
Me: Can you hear me? Can you hear your nose a little bit laggy? I think it's fine. Now.  
Them: Hold.  
Me: Hold.  
Them: On.  
Me: On.  
Them: Actually, because I can hear myself. Alex, how are you? Yeah. Good. How are we doing, aiden? I'm alive. So we can hopeful. Hopefully this works. Actually, let's do it. That's fine. Hopefully there's no echo.  
Me: No, no. All good. Neck on your end.  
Them: No.  
Me: Good.  
Them: Seems quite loud. How are you guys doing?  
Me: Not too bad, not too bad. Still recovering from the weekend, I have to say. Jeez.  
Them: Was it? Heavy one. William. What did you get up?  
Me: Rugby, alex. And.  
Them: The Scotland being Scotland, isn't it?  
Me: Gullah B skull and poor Ireland being Ireland, where it's, like, just can't get over the line. Well, they did. And then France didn't laugh.  
Them: Yeah. I was gunning for Scotland to take the whole thing.  
Me: Yeah. Me too.  
Them: I didn't want Ireland to do it.  
Me: But the more Scotland thing you could do, it's the most Scottish.  
Them: That's for sure. Absolutely yourself. Alex, you get up too much. Gosh, we're on Thursday already. I've forgotten about that weekend. That's long gone in my memory. I don't even know I'm doing this weekend. But it's been good. We've been busy. Not saying nothing really to complain about.  
Me: Most importantly, how did all the tenderizing go? Aiden, how did get a crack on with.  
Them: That's the bane of my existence. I prefer not to get involved in tenders. It just stops energy and time. That, unfortunately, I have to. And now we wait. Yay. That's the funnest bit. Map. I prefer private sector. Absolutely. I mean public sector. You can get large deals and get more work. But private sector is better.  
Me: When I was in the codes in government, one of my tasks was to review business cases because they had different disciplines, how to review the business case from different perspectives. You had, like, social side, you had business side. Then I was on the economic side. Trust me. It's a bane of my life, too. Because not only did I hate it, right? Because I was probably one of the least government officials in my department. Because when I was. I remember speaking to one of my directors and I was like, why are we asking this business to come up with, like, six different scenario plans for this? It's such an inefficient. Use of their time and inefficient use of our team. They're like, because we have to make sure that the best bang for a public sector buck goes over here. And I'm like, this is disgusting. I hate.  
Them: But they can't turn that wording into something credible. Like you can see that sentence as much as you like, but if you're not turning it into an actual plan, then what's the point in seeing it?  
Me: And then a kicker was this because I worked on one of my jobs. There was a delivery unit. Basically, it was like reporting on the Secretary of State's top priorities. We were like, basically an internal consulting team that would, like, whenever a project was going off track, we would come in and try and get up to speed. We hired, like, McKinsey and BCG Consultants for, like, seven figures to come in and do presentations. And I was like, what the heck is this? And our team were xbcg, mckenzie. I'm like, what do they not know? What is going on?  
Them: 's a bit depressing when you get too close to the public sector. I used to sell into the NHS for a bit. Doing process improvement, so actually looking at their internal processes and trying to make them more efficient. And we could come up with business cases saying, like, we can literally reduce wait times for patients. And they'd be like, oh, yeah, that sounds good. We might be able to implement that in, like, a year, maybe two years. Well, this is never going to work.  
Me: I won't even be here in two years.  
Them: Yeah, exactly. I'm going to be long gone. Oh, my Lord. There was one tender I was brought in to briefly, and then I very quickly walked away. I had no interest. They were running a campaign against paramilitary violence over here in Northern Ireland. And part of the campaign was banners and bus stops. And one of the metrics you had to track was its effectiveness. How effective are these banners? I was like, How are you going to do that?  
Me: What waffle does JC where we're going to?  
Them: This was an essential criteria that you had to put down, and it was marked very heavily. How are you going to track it? Maybe. Number of bus stops that don't get vandalized. Success. So tell me you guys have an updated roadmap.  
Me: Yeah, so we. Yeah, we've been. I don't know. I can't remember last time we showed you. We've got a couple new features on the go.  
Them: Exc. Ited.  
Me: Which I can actually, I'll show you very quickly on my screen. Just. Because it'll be easier. Where? Is it? Let me know if that pops up.  
Them: Yep.  
Me: So I'll write some of the main one is this check performance page. So the idea here is, you know, if you're like a sales director or rev UPS leader here you get a much more macro view of your pipeline. So it shows you across your entire active pipe what percentage of deals are completely clean. So there's no, there's no issues attached. How many have issues, how many have been resolved? And at the bottom it'll give you a breakdown by the user so you can see so much for much more visibility and accountability. Which users have been sent the most update requests. How many times have they responded. So from the if you're ever in the situation where you're managing this on behalf of a client, it's very easy for you to see. Well, if they go, you know, why is our pipeline not clean? You can go. Well. Because this numpy or these three nump days haven't been doing any of the work.  
Them: That's usually more than one.  
Me: Yeah, exactly. So. Yes, that's the big one there. Stop. Sharing. But yeah, and then on the. Other roadmaps or the actual roadmaps kind of two facets, one probably shorter term. What kind of medium term? Short term is the kind of the idea of cross objects, so being able to pull in contact in company level data so that you can build rules around. You know, if a company is at a certain size or if it's not got certain contacts associated with it, then you can build a rule also interchanging with it with a deal level. And then medium term one click updates, which Alex is very excited for. So the idea being that if you have a, if you salesperson has a call, straight after that call, they get a slight nudge that goes, hey, based on this call, here's what I think your your next steps are. Here's what I think the call state was. And then they can just go accept, edit, or reject that. That update. So it removes that friction even. Even more so, potentially. There's even no manual work on the sales side.  
Them: That'll be good. I mean, salespeople are notoriously lazy, aren't they?  
Me: Yeah. Exactly. So the only thing there is kind of the configuration models, like what fields do we want to be looking for? How do you manage that? So, for example, when scenario is like if in the call, you see the next meeting is going to be mid April, do you suggest that there's 15 April or the 20th? Of April, so we're just going to work around the configuration there. So always looking for early users and adopters there so we can test it out and, you know, stress test it.  
Them: Your information that you're pulling into that one click. As in this is how your call went. How you grabbing that data?  
Me: So it'll be through the transcriptions, of course.  
Them: Transcriptions. Okay?  
Me: So again, we'll probably start off looking. At call recordings or HubSpot native transcriptions, then obviously broaden that out to basically any kind of meeting recorder. But we don't want to do the recordings ourselves because that's like the beyond a saturated space. I don't think anyone wants another meeting recorder.  
Them: Now. I've tried loads.  
Me: Okay, where have you stuck? Or do you have a preference on what have you landed on?  
Them: To be honest, I've landed on whatever pops up.  
Me: Not going to lie. I've had that. Sometimes I joined a call and it's like William has two notetakers. I don't know who these are, but let's. Just.  
Them: Whatever popped up and whatever popped into my emails. I look at that one, it's usually Otter for some reason. Atio or tried Atio. There's a longer reason why we haven't used Atio yet. But we've tried. Loads. Otto just seems to be the one that's always popping up, so we just use it. Because I'll forget half of what we speak about so I can read over and go. Okay, fair enough. Yeah, I find, like, the core recorders have made me more done. I just don't remember as much these days. I'm just like, I don't need to remember it. I could just go back.  
Me: Be doing to think what to ask. And you give it to, like, an LLM and go, what do I need? What do I need to know from this?  
Them: How do I do my job?  
Me: You're just an intermediary of information. You don't even know what to ask. You're like, what is the voice?  
Them: What did I just talk about? All right, fair enough. Thanks. And then one other big update, I guess, on sort of direction company. I don't know if we spoke about this last time is we're sort of doubling down on the channel. Route. So partnering with sort of robots and consultants. I'm starting to see some cool things where they're using Funnelvision, the free trial. As part of their audit at the beginning of an engagement. So when you go into assess somebody's current state of CRM, Being able to plug in and say, okay, well, with your current setup, this is how clean your hygiene is. Or your pipe liners. And then that gives you a good benchmark of creating that business case of. Okay, so if we can get this from 50% to 90%, Hygiene. Then these are the outcomes for you, and then we sort of build out from there. And how long is that free trial? We can be flexible. Honestly, like, it's. At the moment, it's two weeks, but if you turn around and say, hey, I need a month to work through this, and then we'll try and convert them, then, yeah, we can do that.  
Me: Good thing is you get the audit in about five minutes, so you'll know. Pretty, pretty quickly.  
Them: Well, you have to build the rule. Yeah. Once you fill the rules, it's just pretty quick. Alex to slack and teams. Just those two at the moment.  
Me: Yeah. And one of our partners, actually, well, they've decided to do is almost create a whole new revenue line so that they can manage. They've dubbed it as, like, pipeline integrity and forecast integrity. So once they've done the audit, and they will go, okay, your pipelines a mess, your forecasts are off because your data's bad, they will manage your pipeline data and your forecast integrity, and they can then use that as a new revenue line as a part of their package, which. Is.  
Them: Service. Yeah, absolutely. And still only HubSpot. There's no planned short, medium, long term.  
Me: Long term. Long term salesforce. Once we've really, really doubled down on HubSpot. Nailed it. Then we can. Then we can look into expanding source.  
Them: Yeah. And also, it's a bit unclear because Salesforce just acquired momentum. I don't know if you saw that. And that does some of the things that we're doing. But, you know, sell sports. They buy buy product. They'll sit on a shelf for a couple of years before they integrate it. Standard enterprise. When was this?  
Me: Oh, God. It was last year.  
Them: I thought it was recent.  
Me: Was it recent?  
Them: February 18th. Grandmasco.  
Me: Wow.  
Them: Oh, my gosh. Time is. Time is going too quickly. Far too quick. Slack, but enhancements. Here's a question. Is that part of your exit strategy? Get acquired by some big CRM provider like HubSpot? Yeah. I mean, it wouldn't say no to it if the price is right. Obviously, everybody. Has a price. Yeah, exactly right. It's. It's an eventuality that we thought about, but right now it's just about. Let's get some sort of momentum with the business. Get traction. The other players. Yeah, one is get acquired, which would be nice. The other is, we're seeing just like the shift in people becoming more and more conscious about the data within their, their CRM, because more and more companies are overlaying AI onto the CRM. And, like, with the mcp, it's so easy to just connect and, like, get revenue intelligence from, like, five minutes of work. So the cleanliness of the data becomes super important. And so if we're, if we're the provider, where we're not just doing pipeline, but doing leads and doing, like, contacts and all the other data within CRM, then I think we're in a pretty good position for this sort of wave of AI. Absolutely.  
Me: I was going to say smoke. I don't know. I don't know if you saw the chance, had a chance to see the one pager that I sent across as well, that you can. That you can share externally. Happy to get thoughts can amend it as needed, but.  
Them: I don't know if I froze on your screen as well. My back. No. Yeah, I got it. I'll tell you where we're at now. So we're building a productized offering. For a full commercial stack. And the first launch is used as HubSpot as the spine. Of which, obviously Funnelvision connects. Perfectly to it. From there, we're going to move into other CRM providers, which is why. I always ask, are you guys doing another CRM? But we're looking to move pretty fast with that. And as standard, we would be looking to include Funnelvision. Because the data helps it, you know? And most people, their data is horrendous, as you know. That's where we're at last week. Two weeks. I don't even know anymore. Didn't get much done. Family's been ill concurrently. But we're back at it this week and working flat out. Did you talk about that? A little bit more the sort of commercial stack that you're creating. Yes, kind of. It's not publicly launched yet, which is why I have to be careful what I say. But it's essentially standardizing an entire commercial stack into one offering and making it autonomous. So everything from website marketing, CRM, sales operations and automation is all built into one stack. That we can just plug into each client. Okay, nice. Who are you typically targeting with with this offering? 2 to 5 million is the sweet spot. Can go as high as 10 last time I looked at the figures. The first launch is through the UK and Ireland and then expansion to the US, Australia and Canada just because we have clients there. Okay, nice. All right. Nice. Because on the. It'll be. It'll be interesting to see that once you've. Once you've got it public. On the other side, on our sort of consulting and advisory side, we're changing our business model there slightly, where we're doing more advisory than we are doing, like, fractional work. Which has a few benefits, but one is we're going to be working with more clients than concurrently than we were before. So before, we could have maybe, like, max four clients. With the new model, we're debating, like, our ceiling. I think it's higher than everyone else says, but I think we can, we can. Service like 15 clients at the same time. But what that means is we're. We're speaking to a lot of sort of early stage through to like, series A, sometimes Series B stage companies. And they're always asking about. It's like a puzzle to them, right, because they, they have no go to market experience, they've got no commercial experience. And they're thinking about, okay, what's the. What's the tech stack I need? What's the robots behind it? What's this? And they think about it all in, like, individual silos. So if I. Yeah, exactly. If. If you have an offering that it sort of brings it all together, it makes. It super clear for them. That could be an interesting one that we could. We could sort of talk to our clients about if they. If they fit. Absolutely. I mean, there's two sides of it. So there's the commercial stock, which mostly helps everything from website to how you manage your client. But there's also the content stack. So you produce a content and it automatically repurposes all that content and sends it out to LinkedIn substack. Podcast wherever. That one. The content stack. 's nearly finished, just tweaking a few things. And the actual revenue stack, essentially commercial stack, is probably in its second phase before we launch properly. We do have a partner section that we launched as well. So we can obviously, if you bring clients through there, obviously you get a kickback as well from that. Everyone happy. Yeah. Who doesn't like a kickback? Yeah, absolutely. And there's different forms in that. So the partner section, there's the referral partner, and then there's actually embedded type partner, where we do the implementation for our partners. So the likes of McKinsey and Bing, they do lovely documents and spreadsheets and PowerPoint.  
Me: Don't forget presentations and slideshows.  
Them: Yeah. They love that. And then they don't get their hands dirty. Whereas we do. Exactly. All right, cool. So, yes, send over once you've got something public. Be super interested in that. Yep. Absolutely. Do you want me to send you the link to the partner page as well? Yeah. But, yeah, I'll keep you guys updated on the launch of the. The engine. Hopefully soon distributed.  
Me: If you have an eyes on it or like someone's review. I'm happy to have a scan of anything and just give my thoughts or two cents.  
Them: That would be beneficial, as you guys know. But, yeah, the. The first launch will have HubSpot as standard, so naturally, Funnelvision, you're connecting with it so it fits perfectly.  
Me: Happy. Love it.  
Them: Okay? Guys have any questions? No. Good. Let us know if there's anything we can do to help get this off the ground and get Funnelvision integrated. Yeah, we're here to support, as you know. Happy to be flexible and open to ideas. So if there's anything blocking you, that's awesome. I imagine as we dig deeper into this engine, we probably will have questions, so I'm going to take you off of that.  
Me: Happy days.  
Them: Guys. Great to see you again.  
Me: Pleasure. Keep well, enjoy. Hope your family all recover nice, nice and easily.  
Them: Yeah. So do I. So I can get some sleep. Good luck. All the best guys. Bye. Bye.