Meeting Title: Bilal and FunnelVision
Date: Mar 11
Meeting participants: Bilal Ahmad 艾一鸣


Transcript:
 
Them: Hi, William. How's it going?  
Me: Hi, bilal. Very good. Thanks. How are you?  
Them: Hi. Bala. I. Am not bad. Wait. You can't see me, can you?  
Me: No, I can't.  
Them: Okay, there we go. I think now you can. How's it going?  
Me: Yeah. Great. Thanks. Yeah, it's been a good week. Been busy. But I'm a big football and rugby fan, so I've been very occupied the last few days.  
Them: Oh, that's nice. Who's playing?  
Me: Well Champions league was yesterday so I was watching Newcastle Barcelona but it was the Scotland were playing in the rugby and I'm from Scotland so.  
Them: Which fire are you from?  
Me: From edinburgh.  
Them: Nowhere.  
Me: Have it yourself from England.  
Them: No, I'm based in Dublin these days. I think Ireland is playing Scotland.  
Me: We. Are on Saturday.  
Them: Yeah, on Saturday.  
Me: Big.  
Them: It's going to be a good one.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah. It's going to be fun. Do you follow the rugby football match?  
Them: I don't since I moved to Dublin. Like a lot of my friends, they're big on rugby, so they forced me to go watch them. I still haven't gotten the hang of it, honestly. Well, I used to watch a lot, but I've given up now.  
Me: Too much bit of it for me to feel better. John. Rugby side, as much as I love it, I still don't even understand some of the. When I watch it, I'm like, why was that? What was going on? I just don't understand.  
Them: I was in Glasgow, I remember, and there were these two teams playing, and the rugby there is so different than the ones in Dublin I've seen. Honestly, it was. Great. Yeah. Glass regions are crazy. I think it gets to them.  
Me: It.  
Them: Good track, honestly.  
Me: A pleasure to take the time to have a chat with some. I don't know how much you know. I believe it was my colleague Greg that messaged you.  
Them: I was trying to find. I was like, I don't know if I'm a child. But yes, Greg Peterbridge, right?  
Me: That's the one, yeah. So, unfortunately, he's had a wee family emergency, so he won't be joining, but you've got me, so don't worry.  
Them: Same thing. I don't mind. Yeah.  
Me: Yeah, absolutely. But I don't know what he outreached to you or if you spoke to them, like, what kind of context you have or Happy to kind of just give us, give a spiel.  
Them: Yeah. So I'm just looking at it. I think we've got. My interest was he's like, I'm working on an early stage product called Funnel Version and the idea is to get Revop Stream visibility into pipeline hiding. So that was honestly it because this is something like I'm evaluating with a new user pilot as well. Just. Let's start from zero. Honestly.  
Me: We can give a nice explore too. Nice, nice and chill. But basically regardless of anything, honestly I would love to get your kind of thoughts and feedbacks as well because we're quite early stage. So people living and breathing this, especially if it's a pain you feel, is super useful for us. But the basic premise of the product super easily is the idea was to solve hygiene problems by solving behavioral and tooling elements of it.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: So we've got a consulting arm of the business, and kind of what we solve from our experience was. Part of the reason Pipeline has hygiene problems isn't necessarily because. Rev ops are bad. It's because the sales guys aren't putting in the data.  
Them: Y.  
Me: So they don't log into HubSpot, for example. And so there's kind of a disconnect between the people who care about the data and the people who are responsible for putting in the data. So what we do is basically allow you to notify the to your sales guys in Slack or in teams to say, hey, here, your hygiene issues, and they can action. It from within slacker teams. And then Funnelvision becomes kind of like an intermediary. But you can also surface all of those hygienitures in one place. You can configure them, you can set the rules. And it basically all runs automatically in the background. That's the basic premise. If that kind of resonates with kind of what you were thinking of, or does that line with kind of a pain you're experiencing?  
Them: Eah. So when you say hygiene, does that mean, like, filling in certain fields, properties, whatever that is? From an.  
Me: Yeah, exactly. So could we think next step lead source any custom properties you've got the amount or even if something stale and you just want some creativity on the deal.  
Them: Yeah. In all honesty, right now that's not a big problem. The reason being we have a very strict sort of lead to deal criteria both for entry and exit, and there's a lot of mandatory fields that they are before that the BDR needs to fill in before even getting a chance to, let's say, creator deal or move the deal to a next stage. So, like, just on that. And I don't see it as a big problem right now, but I'm still curious. The slack part where just, like, get. Like a full picture of. Hey, you've got 10 deals. This is missing. Do something with it right here, right now, or something like that.  
Me: Absolutely. I'll get you how that looks. But just how did you manage to get the sales guys to log into the HubSpot? Is a HubSpot where you use as your CRM.  
Them: Yeah, we use HubSpot. And I think since the start we've been on CRM. So our sales team 11 CRM as well HubSpot. And we have our BDR SCRs live on HubSpot as well. So everything, like we don't go out and use Zoom in for Apollo or whatever. Everything within HubSpot. Itself. So for the sales team as well. Everything that they do. Already lives in HubSpot. Like that's what they work out of. Even the meetings, recordings, whatever, everything, sort of.  
Me: Yeah, that makes tools. And honestly, that is remarkable. That's amazing how you manage. It makes your job, imagine a little bit nicer to manage as well, when there's not like 40 different tools. You're having to keep track and things. So it doesn't feel like it's going to be a total of everybody, but I'm happy to show you kind of what that flow would look like.  
Them: Absolutely. Because I know this has been a problem with one of the one of the companies I'm consulting with and. With them. This is a problem. I think I just got a slack for them. Yesterday, if I'm not wrong. And I can share a bit of me. For them, it would be more relevant, but it was. Around this exact same thing, which was. Sorry, let me just open my slack. Yeah. So for them. He was like, do you think it's possible to have salespeople fill all the mandatory fields in order to create the we're currently seeing very often that the deals created do not include a proper qualification example band framework. So the budget is not checked or the timeline decision makers are not identified, blah, blah, blah. And I was like, hey, you don't need more fields. I feel like this is more of a problem with reps either marking the meetings as qualified too early without digging into it, or they're just not filling in the fields, or they're just putting whatever to just move on.  
Me: I said an enablement piece, right?  
Them: Yeah, exactly. So I think for them, it will make more sense to maybe look into this. But yeah. They.  
Me: That'd be great. Yeah. Let me share my screen. I can show you. I won't take too much of your time. Just briefly how it would look. And let me know if that pops up, okay?  
Them: Yep, I can see everything.  
Me: Awesome. As I kind of mentioned before, Funnelvision is about surfacing all of your hygiene issues in one place. Configuring them. So you track what matters to your sales motion and then taking the action inside of slack. So to get set up, super simple. You plug into HubSpot. Takes like two to five minutes. And then you've got this immediate snapshot audit telling you how many deals are passed or close date or stale or have a missing next step assigned to it. And at the bottom is the hydro leader board, showing which of your deal owners are more on top of their hygiene relative to others. And this just comes out of the box. But obviously, every sales motion have their own specificities. So we have this rules page that lets you create any road to surface any hygiene issue you could possibly care about. Super simple. We try to make it as interface friendly as possible. Let me take you through a little example. So you've got a little rule summary here telling you in plain English what the rule would we do. And you basically just pick your hubs up, properties you care about. Because we use the API, we do have a couple nifty ones that we can handle. You can't just do it out of the box at HubSpot. But let's say you want to know what diesel like an early stage. And it's missing some key fields or the next steps not being updated in, like, 10 or more days. And you can surface that as a hygiene rule. This button here is really powerful for creating rules. When it's turned off. All it means is that when your rule will still be surfaced as a hygiene issue and you just have manual control. And whenever you want to request an update, And if it's turned on. What it means is that whenever the condition of the rule is met, it will automatically send a slack notification to the deal owner outlining all of the deals that have been updated in the last 24 hours. But it appears as a single message once a day in like a daily digest form. They don't get spammed with, like, whenever things.  
Them: Yeah. It happens.  
Me: Get one slack message in the morning that says, hey, you've got six deals that have hygiene issues. And then they can work through that one by one. And so obviously, I won't keep you till the daily digest to 9aM so I'll kind of show you how that workflow would look manually. So we have this Fix issues page on the left showing you all of the deals in your pipeline. That have triggered some type of hygiene issue. You can click on the deal for more information to get more context on it. You can see pending requests which show you deals that have been asked for updates in the past that haven't yet been actioned. And just to quickly show you all of my deals of hygiene issues. And so let's say you're looking through this and you're like, okay, I want an update on this. Deal. Deal. N Very creative name. I was responsible for the dummy data, and I'm not very bored. And it's got a missing next step and it's pass has closed. It. All you would do is click Request Update. And then I is the dealer get the slack notification. So, from the perspective of the person receiving this notification, they don't need to know HubSpot exists, or they don't need to know Funnelvision exists? They just need to know, okay, I'm on my phone or I'm at the train, at the airport, or wherever it is they're working without breaking the workflow. I need to update this deal in. They click it. And it tells them exactly what they need to do. Right now, Please fill in the information below. You've got. The amount is missing. It's not been set. Maybe it's 10,000. And right now, the next step is not defined. There's no next step. Maybe it's schedule a demo. With sarah. And right now, the close date is currently for March 1st, so it's in the past. So maybe they need to put it into May they update the deal. And that's it. Instantly gets reflected in HubSpot, gets reflected into Funnelvision, tells them what they've updated the information with. And as you can see here. Here's that pending request. So I can now action this one as well if I wanted to. And the last thing to quickly show you is this check performance page, which gives you a more macro view of your pipelines, showing you what percentage of deals in your pipeline have got are completely clean, they've got no hygiene issues. How many in total have issues. And then at the bottom you get a breakdown by user by how many people have been sent update requests, how many times have they responded, how many did the action via a manual request or via the daily Digest. And so this can show you as an accountability to say if anyone asks, hey, why Is our pipeline not clean? You can go well. Because William an update, and he's not been updating his deals. And I've asked for an update 15 times. And that's really the basic premise of another surface configure and then fixing happens inside Slack. But imagine a lot of this has already been done for you. Kind of largely on the guard, but interesting with the person you're consulting with, if that's something maybe they could get value from.  
Them: The only thing I'm worried about is when they get the slack notification at a ping that, hey, this is the deal that needs to be updated. They have no context into it. So they still need to go back to HubSpot. To check and sort of. Figure out. Oh, yeah, like, think about, oh, yeah, this is the deal, and then update it because. On the fly. I know for sure. Like, for my. They have so many open deals. That if. I send them a slack notification with, let's say, like, how we structure DM is, let's say full funnel growth, 10,000 MAUs, right? And then they'll need to update the, let's say, the amount, date or product, whatever. They'll have no clue without going into HubSpot.  
Me: So what's the context you think would be useful?  
Them: That's the thing. Like, I can't think of any one thing right now. But. I know, like, for example, the name of the person, if that surfaced with probably the email or something else, that would be a memory jogger for sure, because. Like it's usually. Oh, yeah, Greg something. You know, from this company? Yes, I doctored them. I know where this deal is going. You know, either DQ them, whatever. But just what I saw. I don't think at least my. Would like have any context about what to fill in unless they go into HubSpot again for that deal.  
Me: That defeats the whole purpose.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah, which defeats the whole purpose.  
Me: Absolutely. That's something. That's something we can absolutely look into. We've not actually had that comment before, but it's an interesting one to see whether we could fill in some additional content. One thing we did try and incorporate based on something someone similar said was particularly on the next step was they might forget. They might have forgotten what the previous next step was. So what we tried to do was it tells you the current value of any property that's already in there.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: But it looks like you want to take that even, like, one step further and go, well, they might not know what the deal is entirely, and so they need to know what's that memory jogger going to be?  
Them: No, absolutely. I really like the concept of having, like, nobody has to go anywhere else, just sudden slack update. It. I think all it's probably missing for even the name of the company is Geico for them as well as. It would not be beneficial because they'll have no context into the deals as well. What would work is definitely the slack part, which is they don't need to go into HubSpot. But again, if, if the companies are making their sales team. Go, like, 11 HubSpot. Then I think it's like having that context maybe unstack itself idea or maybe even in HubSpot as well. Because this part, like the collective digest, is something HubSpot right now. Can't really do. And sort of like every single day, it's a banger. Every single trigger is a different ping. But if there's an easy wave. I know there is right now. And the sales workspace in HubSpot. But somewhere where they could just even do the stuff within HubSpot. Probably.  
Me: Well, that's something we can have to look into. And so just the top of your head, I mean, you don't have to answer now, but for the additional context, it'd be useful for your client in order for it to be at least interesting for them to take a discovery call. Is it namely the name of the person or. And. Or the email used that's associated with the deal.  
Them: I'll have to double check. I think that would be it. But again, I can't say it from their site. Maybe I'll need to ask them. And be like, hey, if you got a message like this, What would jog your memory that you've open.  
Me: What's the consulting work you do? Does that kind of completely separate to user pilot?  
Them: It is. Yeah, yeah, I consult sort of early stage startups with revops problems mainly just who are setting up HubSpot, figuring out their sales motion and all of that.  
Me: If you don't be asking, how do you have the time?  
Them: I swear. I've been. I've been working 24 7. I don't know if you see my eyes, but. No, I've been. I've been trying to cut down on it, honestly. It's just that when I started, I was working from home, so it used to be very easy because. I was working from home. And then I had a lot of time on my hand. But then more recently, I shifted to work in office. So it's three days in the office, then it's this. Plus, I'm walking on a startup of my own as well.  
Me: What? The.  
Them: So, yeah, I'm just trying to cut down on it, honestly, just, like, because I have such good relationships with them and I've been working with them for, like, almost more than a year now. I can't say. Just can't get out until they have it figured out, but trying to cut it down.  
Me: That's insane. What's the startup idea? Is it too early to share?  
Them: Oh, no, it's public. We. It's. It's been. A year exactly on the 20th, Feb. So it's called Zen ABM. It is sort of the problem we're trying to solve is there's a lot of companies who are spending a lot on LinkedIn for their ABM motion to advertise to the right audience for icp, but they have no clue if those companies are engaging with that. If. Yes. What's happening, what stage they're in. So we de anonymize that data and send that back to the CRM for them. So they can run sort of abm motion. Within LinkedIn just very easily without the DevOps thing. Because this was a problem I have to face. User pilot. Spend, like, six months building out the whole infrastructure. And it's just something I think, like, needs. No, like, it doesn't need systems to be built. It should be easy enough to. For teams to run it.  
Me: That's insane. Did you bootstrap it?  
Them: We are still bootstrapping it, so we're sort of spending money from our own pockets. It's.  
Me: Our consulting arm is funding the product site.  
Them: Same. Same. We. We just crossed 6.5k Mr. Our last month, so we're almost at break even. I think last month we were like negative 2k only, so that's. That's amazing.  
Me: Huge. That's incredible. Holy hell's been running for.  
Them: Exactly so exact.  
Me: Release. Was it released a year ago?  
Them: Ly. No. Like the day we sat down, we're like, let's do this.  
Me: That's my point. So how long has it been released for? Because.  
Them: Nine months, I'd say. But again, like, we had an upper hand because we did this at user pilot. So we, the first user was user pilot. So we did everything like, we battle tested it with the user pilot. So we got some, like, really good case studies. With user pilot from, like, Kyle Parker and whatnot. So that sort of was a big, big, big push.  
Me: Hand on high. That is huge. Massive. Congrats. Genuinely. That is really cool. Really cool. That's someone obviously trying to even explore it and break into the market. That's amazing. Getting people to put their credit card behind it, huge.  
Them: I swear, that's the hardest part. But I think with us, what went well was again, like the very first case study for us. What is User pilot. So that was big, big push. But if you're ever around. In London, we. We did an event like last. Probably 26th of Feb in London as well. We're doing one again early April. We're trying to get anthropic, honestly, to give us their office and sort of do a Claude code. Xav mx Zen avm, sort of altogether, but let's see if it happens. We were definitely doing events. In London now a lot more.  
Me: Yeah, absolutely. Would love to. And I'm in London quite regularly and I'm always making an excuse to come and visit as well.  
Them: Yeah, well, this might be one. I'll definitely intro you to a lot of folks. I think what you're doing is quite fun. I just think the problem is something that people would. That they might think is, like, they could solve it themselves right now. Which is this one thing, like, we faced as well. Like, it's like, how the hell do we make people be like, hey, yes, like, I'd rather pay for this than build this on my own right now?  
Me: That's where I get that, right? And that's where maybe some of the user part, where you've got, like, a really dedicated Rev Ops team, is probably not for you guys, because you've got all that brain power behind it.  
Them: Y. Eah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. I think that's the hard part, where you're like, This is the exact sort of person who. Like, hell yeah. Like, for example, for us. At Zen abm. It was very easy because we went through it ourselves. We were like people who are running at least 10 LinkedIn ads. And who don't have a dedicated AVM manager. And a dedicated AVM tool and we got all of that info from BTW just scraping their people. So every time we targeted them, it was almost always a. You know, this is interesting. And plus, we offered like, what, 57 day trial at the start, so it was like basically free. But no, I'm very curious. Where do you guys go with this? And definitely ask Ram, Taiko and Likely and see if this is of interest to them. If yes, I'll definitely do an email intro with you.  
Me: Absolutely. Really appreciate it. Thank you. And is it any kind of feedback from that? It's like additional context required. Because we're quite right. We can try and incorporate whatever is needed to make it as valuable as possible. But regardless, genuinely thank you so much for the chat for that. I'll catch you on LinkedIn. So you don't just have Greg, but I'd love to and see how things are going. But definitely try and take some time off as well.  
Them: I will. I will. I'm back home, actually, these days. I'm taking the next two weeks off. Off of pilot, not off of the Navy.  
Me: I was going to say.  
Them: That never ends.  
Me: I'm guessing it's dream for you to be able to go into Zenabm full time.  
Them: So that is sort of the plan. Hopefully this year. Honestly, I was hoping, like, it would happen this April, but I need to pay my bills as well, so.  
Me: It's that risk reward to train.  
Them: Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, but, like, again, like, I'm single. I'm 26. I can live off of bread and cereal and whatnot, so it's. It's okay.  
Me: Well. I'm going to look at Zenib and I'm going to see if I can refer anything your way. That way as well.  
Them: Absolutely. If you're. If you guys are spending on LinkedIn or anything, I'd love to get you access as well. And happy, of course, you know. Yeah.  
Me: Absolutely. Well, yeah, thank you. Enjoy the rest of your day. Enjoy your week. And, yeah, love to stay in touch. And obviously, anything that pops up, just let me know.  
Them: Absolutely. Absolutely. Great chatting with you, William. All right.  
Me: Great chatting. Bye.  
Them: Ciao. Bye. Bye.