Jan 12, 2026
Chelsea / FunnelVision catch-up - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Chelsea G. Williams: we could um do a demo and I also like need to get approval from them on the um it's it's fine for me to run it in the sandbox in their sandbox because I won't be able to like get permission to do run it in um production.
William Ross: Yeah.
Chelsea G. Williams: So yeah,
William Ross: No. And are they on um Slack or Teams?
Chelsea G. Williams: we're on
William Ross: Okay.
Chelsea G. Williams: Slack.
William Ross: That's so it's even even easier for us. And so when when do you see your office? Until the 5th of February.
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah. 22nd to the 5th of February.
William Ross: That's nice. What's the plan?
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah,
William Ross: What's What's the What's the Are you a tennis
Chelsea G. Williams: I'm going to Australia for the Australian Open.
William Ross: fan?
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah, I'm a massive tennis fan.
William Ross: I'm a big I love I'm a Do you know it's Do you know, sorry, I have to tangent.
Chelsea G. Williams: So,
William Ross: Do you know tennis is such like a global big sport, but I rarely come across people that actually like tennis.
 
 
00:00:50
 
William Ross: At best, I've seen people who are like, "Oh, I watched the Wimbledon final." And I'm like, "What about the other matches?
Chelsea G. Williams: no, I'm obsessed. And like Wimbledon is a sore spot for me because I've been in the ballot to bid for tickets for like years and I can't get tickets. And uh a good friend of mine, he works for Range Rover there in the UK and I guess they're sponsoring this year. So like him and his mom got tickets like out of nowhere.
William Ross: Yeah. Do you want to hear a story?
Chelsea G. Williams: They're not even like big tennis fans and I'm just like
William Ross: So, a couple Yeah. couple stories here.
Chelsea G. Williams: okay.
William Ross: one my dad in the 80s um this was when it was a lot easier like people would just queue up to get tickets on the day and so he drove down from Edinburgh down to London it's like a a 10-hour drive just in case they could get tickets for the like to to go into the because it's like the way it works like you pay for a ticket to enter the area and then you get to like visit all the different matches.
 
 
00:01:42
 
Chelsea G. Williams: Mhm.
William Ross: So he rocked up and was in a queue and the queue was gigantosaurus, you know, like all the way through the parking lot, everything like it was g and there was like no chance of getting tickets.
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah.
William Ross: And then there was these two ladies walking up the the walking up the other way. And they just stopped in front of my dad and his brother and were like, "Hey, we can't actually make our game. Would you would you guys like our tickets?" And they were like,
Chelsea G. Williams: Oh.
William Ross: "Hell yeah, semifinal tickets."
Chelsea G. Williams: Oh my goodness. Yeah.
William Ross: I was
Chelsea G. Williams: So that's my I'm I'm hoping to get lucky like that because I also like I just
William Ross: like,
Chelsea G. Williams: like don't have the capacity to stand in lines for like longer than 30 minutes. So but me and like my hidden partner here in South Africa, we both decided that we're just going to try it. Um, so her and I are both just going to fly into London like like we're going to Wimbledon and just
 
 
00:02:32
 
William Ross: Yeah. Yeah.
Chelsea G. Williams: like we're like we're not we're also like not opposed to like paying someone to stand stand in line for us,
William Ross: So, oh yeah, yeah,
Chelsea G. Williams: but like we're like this is going to be the year that we just because it's kind of like my last open to check off and
William Ross: yeah.
Chelsea G. Williams: I just I need that.
William Ross: You've been to all I've never been. I couldn't can never do
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah,
William Ross: it.
Chelsea G. Williams: I've been to US Open, uh, Rolling Garos and French Open and, uh, I'm the Australian Open for the first time this year. And then Wimbledon is like my, you know,
William Ross: Oh,
Chelsea G. Williams: like I just I have to
William Ross: this time I need to know more like who do you have prefer like who do you have your favorite tennis players or anyone you particularly support
Chelsea G. Williams: go.
William Ross: or is it just
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah. I mean, I mean, I'm a big like growing up I was like all team Rafa and Serena and Venus,
 
 
00:03:09
 
William Ross: anyone?
Chelsea G. Williams: so like I think they're my goats. like uh it's always going to be Rafa for me as in the goat conversation. It's always going to be Serena for me in the goat conversations. Um and right now I really cheer for my Americans which is strange because I don't really but I think we have like a lot of talent like I'm you know Francis Thafo Ben Shelton Tommy Paul. I'm glad he's back. I think Tommy's like our best and you know I'm from the women's side Coco
William Ross: I mean Coco I mean Coco's
Chelsea G. Williams: but I also like am a big Arena fan. So like Arena and Coco are my girls. I also quite like uh uh uh an Jabbor.
William Ross: Yeah.
Chelsea G. Williams: She's she's kind of out right now, but yeah,
William Ross: Every time I watch her I like almost tear up every time.
Chelsea G. Williams: I mean she just Yeah,
William Ross: I'm like please win please.
Chelsea G. Williams: she I think like it's just like her mental game.
 
 
00:04:01
 
Chelsea G. Williams: I think she's massively talented and I know she's fiercely loyal to like her husband coach, but I think she needs to like change coaches and like you know just you know all the
William Ross: Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's funny and since I've grew up with with tennis,
Chelsea G. Williams: things.
William Ross: I'm I'm half Scottish, half Serbian. So, I grew up with the whole Andy Murray, Jovovich.
Chelsea G. Williams: Okay.
William Ross: And it was so watching tennis was always great growing up. I'll get these two guys in the semi-final regularly. It was um
Chelsea G. Williams: Yes. I'm I'm cheering for always Coco and always Arena.
William Ross: so
Chelsea G. Williams: I'm pretty much anyone except for uh EGA. I just don't like EGA at all. I don't like EA. I don't know.
William Ross: what the donuts against
Chelsea G. Williams: It's something about her her I don't like.
William Ross: whatever
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah. And for the guys I'm like I'm sticking with my American guys right now.
 
 
00:04:40
 
William Ross: final
Chelsea G. Williams: I mean, but I really do like Carlos. Um, but if it's not Carlos, then it's my American guys for sure. I'm I'm rooting for all of them.
William Ross: Yeah.
Chelsea G. Williams: I think there's a lot of talent, but also a lot of immaturity. So,
William Ross: Yeah. I could I could see Shelton getting a few grand slams if if he adds a bit more to his game and he like gets bit that
Chelsea G. Williams: yeah.
William Ross: mentality up there because I mean he he is a m when he plays well. My god, what a machine that guy
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah. I mean, yeah,
William Ross: is.
Chelsea G. Williams: he's like just like such a specimen like physically. So, yeah, I think he's super Yeah.
William Ross: And his like girlfriend's like the soccer player, right? Or basketball.
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah. Uh, Dennis Rodman's daughter.
William Ross: Yeah.
Chelsea G. Williams: So,
William Ross: Yeah. Yeah.
Chelsea G. Williams: imagine if they have children.
 
 
00:05:18
 
William Ross: I was like, "What? What an athletes family. My
Chelsea G. Williams: I know. Imagine if they have children.
William Ross: god.
Chelsea G. Williams: What would happen? Like Dennis Rodman, your grandpa and Ben Shelton's bed.
William Ross: Oh,
Chelsea G. Williams: Like
William Ross: I've got literally everything crossed for all the best of luck." And I mean to You're talking to a person. I That is the best reason I've ever heard someone take some time off.
Chelsea G. Williams: Oh, yeah. So,
William Ross: That is amazing.
Chelsea G. Williams: I've got um I've got grounds passes for the finals week. So like that whole second week of the tournament and then I have uh women's semifinal confirmed and men's quarters confirmed seats. And it's actually like surprisingly it's cheaper than all the other opens.
William Ross: Is it
Chelsea G. Williams: It's pretty cheap.
William Ross: surprising?
Chelsea G. Williams: Like the like the grounds pass for the week is like 99 Australian dollars which is like 79
William Ross: What?
Chelsea G. Williams: US for the grounds pass for the week.
 
 
00:06:06
 
William Ross: Oh my god,
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah. It's way like US Open grounds pass is like 300
William Ross: that's that's cheaper than like a lot of soccer matches
Chelsea G. Williams: bucks.
William Ross: for like one
Chelsea G. Williams: That's I'm telling you it's way even if you just get grounds passes like to go in like it's way
William Ross: match.
Chelsea G. Williams: cheaper than all the other
William Ross: Holy bananas.
Chelsea G. Williams: tournaments.
William Ross: Oh my. I I am like I I am I I can't imagine how excited you are because I'm excited on your
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah,
William Ross: behalf.
Chelsea G. Williams: I'm pretty excited. It's like it's a bucket list thing for me for sure. So
William Ross: It's insane. So who sorry one last last question I promise any particular matches or people you've seen play that you like that are
Chelsea G. Williams: yeah, um I got to see um Francis and
William Ross: standouts.
Chelsea G. Williams: um last year Australian Open or two years ago Australian Open. two years I mean two years ago US Open I got to see uh Francis play was it Carlos in the quarters and it was like the first time an American man had like gotten that far at the US Open since like Andre Agassi and like the he lost but like the crowd went crazy
 
 
00:07:10
 
Chelsea G. Williams: like Michelle Obama was there like it was insane.
William Ross: And it must be amazing.
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah know it's insane.
William Ross: It must be amazing live. I mean, it must be
Chelsea G. Williams: It's It's a night game at under the lights.
William Ross: like
Chelsea G. Williams: Like, it's crazy. I also seen uh I also saw uh uh uh Coco play uh Jessica Pagula at Indian Wells a few years ago.
William Ross: What happened?
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah.
William Ross: Oh,
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah. Yeah.
William Ross: clash.
Chelsea G. Williams: That was at uh that was a quarterfinals at Indian Wells like maybe like four or five years ago. That was insane.
William Ross: Jeez. Amazing. Because I'm because because the time zone Australian matches are are so I love I'll wake up at like 5 6 a.m.
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah.
William Ross: and I'm like, "What are you going to do for the next five hours?" Like watch tennis.
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah.
William Ross: Like I just sit there.
 
 
00:07:56
 
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah. I'm worried about like how my jet lag will be and like will I be more awake in the morning, more awake at night. So, I'm a little concerned about like my energy levels for like the night session games. Like will I still be like on South African time? But um yeah, we'll see. I'm I'm hoping like adrenaline will just carry me over.
William Ross: Yeah, I'm sure I would like Yeah,
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah.
William Ross: like I wouldn't even put that as a as a warrior. Anyway, so sorry that was not expect to hear that.
Chelsea G. Williams: No worries.
William Ross: I'm so happy.
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah.
William Ross: I want to I want to go now. I might take time
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah. Take take some time. I mean, I it's summer in Australia, so it's going to be it's going to be great.
William Ross: go.
Chelsea G. Williams: I'm going to like snorkel the or scuba the uh Great Barrier Reef as well, like towards the at the end of on the inside of the trip.
 
 
00:08:40
 
Chelsea G. Williams: So, yeah, it's going to be gonna be nice.
William Ross: Wow. So dreamy. So dreamy. So on on the more boring work stuff. So do you think is it easiest to reconnect then after you're you're back from the
Chelsea G. Williams: on the HubSpot side.
William Ross: holidays?
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah, exactly. I just don't think I had the time to properly do the demo and give it the time it needs. Um, and you know, get my team on board and stuff before that. So, I think like the second week of like let's just plan on demoing. Um, and I wanna Could we talk like the maybe like the morning of like the like the 9th? Not the morning, not this time for us.
William Ross: Yep.
Chelsea G. Williams: It'll be like a little later so I can get um my head of growth on the call with us so she's aware of like the demo and just kind of go from
William Ross: Yeah. Yeah.
 
 
00:09:27
 
William Ross: I'll I'll pop a play store in on the on the 9th of Feb.
Chelsea G. Williams: there.
William Ross: Um that's easy. Uh so what what what time would would suit you guys the best?
Chelsea G. Williams: Um, let me look.
William Ross: Like
Chelsea G. Williams: So she's east coast US. So I feel like I usually talk to her at uh 6 o'clock South Africa time on Monday 6:30. Um could we do that'll be pretty late for you. Um how about And then it won't be it won't be crazy
William Ross: my time zone too much. As long as it's not like, you know, mid4
Chelsea G. Williams: late but it'll probably be like because what time is it there for you right now?
William Ross: past
Chelsea G. Williams: Okay. So, you're two hours behind me.
William Ross: 1.
Chelsea G. Williams: Okay. So, it won't be that bad. So, like 5:30 your time in the
William Ross: Yeah.
Chelsea G. Williams: evening.
William Ross: Easy,
Chelsea G. Williams: Okay.
 
 
00:10:17
 
Chelsea G. Williams: Cool. 5:30 your time.
William Ross: easy.
Chelsea G. Williams: That'll be 7:30 for me and for her.
William Ross: Okay. With you.
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah. Okay. With me. I already talked to her that late anyway, so it's all good.
William Ross: Okay. Okay. Fair, fair. Perfect. Yeah. Yeah. Easy peasy. So, do do you do you take mornings off for yourself then? How's what's your working
Chelsea G. Williams: Uh I try to take mornings off but I will start early with like a UK call or you know anybody like
William Ross: hours?
Chelsea G. Williams: this side like as early as like noon my time South Africa time. So but I try not to like work too much before noon South Africa
William Ross: How is that?
Chelsea G. Williams: time.
William Ross: Is that Is that Is that cool? Like, it must be quite funky to just
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah, I like it. I like having the mornings to myself.
 
 
00:10:54
 
Chelsea G. Williams: Um I don't mind working late,
William Ross: Easy.
Chelsea G. Williams: so it's okay.
William Ross: Easy. Okay. Well,
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah.
William Ross: yeah. I I'll I'll put a be placeholder then for for the ninth. And um do you want to just be us us on the call or do you mean to invite anyone or do you want to get a
Chelsea G. Williams: Um, go ahead and put us and then I'll add I want to brief her for it.
William Ross: second?
Chelsea G. Williams: She doesn't even know anything about this yet. So, and then I'll just send her the invite or add her into the invite.
William Ross: Easy. Yeah. Yeah. That that makes
Chelsea G. Williams: Actually, you actually send the invite. Uh, I'm going to chat you my email address with them and send that invite to that.
William Ross: sense.
Chelsea G. Williams: So, it's already like kind of on my calendar and laptop with them. Um because we're on my personal right now.
 
 
00:11:30
 
Chelsea G. Williams: Um cool. And that way I can add her in and we can go from
William Ross: Yeah.
Chelsea G. Williams: there.
William Ross: Perfecto. Perfecto. Easy. Thank you for that.
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah.
William Ross: That'll be Yeah.
Chelsea G. Williams: No worries.
William Ross: Yeah. So, Oh, so Okay. So, how is it to be back at work? I know you've got another holiday planned straight
Chelsea G. Williams: H it's uh bittersweet,
William Ross: away.
Chelsea G. Williams: but it's also like hard for me to take I always kind of take off towards the end of January because I never get to like properly take off around Christmas like everyone else. I'm like updating dashboards and doing backups and all of that those things. Um so it's hard because all the clients are like, you know, want to go full speed ahead and I'm like, "Hey guys, no big things until I get back from like my little break." Um so yeah, it's all good.
William Ross: amazing.
 
 
00:12:16
 
William Ross: Oh, I'm so honestly I'm so happy you're going to the Australian Open and also most more importantly just taking some time off as
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah, I'm Yeah,
William Ross: well.
Chelsea G. Williams: just hope that we get good matches like for semi-final women's semis, men's quarters that they're
William Ross: Do you know what I mean?
Chelsea G. Williams: good.
William Ross: I don't know if it's because of the B because I like watching tennis in the morning, but the for me some of the greatest matches are Australia. I mean, you got the the Nadal comeback against Medv, the Jovich Nadal final. You've there has been the Australian Open has got cracking matches also where um I don't know if you you might remember this one, but Andy Murray played Cockinakis um and and it was just that insane rally and
Chelsea G. Williams: M I remember that.
William Ross: everyone was amazing. So, uh, I I have no no doubt. I mean, the good thing is when you get the quarters in the semis, you're guaranteed either one of two things. Really good tennis players or on form tennis players.
 
 
00:13:03
 
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah.
William Ross: Like,
Chelsea G. Williams: Or like crazy like upsets like
William Ross: you have that's my point though. So even even if it's not the top 10 player,
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah.
William Ross: they have to have been on some form of run to get there. So you're guaranteed like something like and often they always because I
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah.
William Ross: have to go to a lot of football matches.
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah.
William Ross: There's a common saying which is like the semis are better than the final because finals can be very tense and it's not often the final is the best match. So if I was picking a tennis match, I would want the quarters or semis. Also, you get to go to multiple so you get to
Chelsea G. Williams: No. Yeah. 100%. Yeah. And also like um my hitting partner here who's she's also like a tennis instructor. She was talking like her um Aussie friends and they were like you know Australia is like the AO is known for like just creating like a better fan environment than other opens.
 
 
00:13:48
 
Chelsea G. Williams: So it's just like a good time for you know Yeah.
William Ross: It's a lot more friendly. For sure. For
Chelsea G. Williams: So I'm excited about just the the stuff that they'll have on the grounds.
William Ross: sure.
Chelsea G. Williams: They already have like I've seen like some of the people for performing and the acts and stuff. So outside of like having that should be
William Ross: And across. Yeah. I mean, off the four. It's probably the most multinational.
Chelsea G. Williams: fun.
William Ross: The culture is probably the best. The food scene will be incredible. Like you're not going to get like 10 $10 strawberries and cream or anything like that like you do probably at
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah. Yeah. No,
William Ross: one
Chelsea G. Williams: and then of course like the Australian dollar just like you know you get more for your money when you have dollars or pounds or euros.
William Ross: and I'm presuming you doing other things outside of the show open.
 
 
00:14:20
 
Chelsea G. Williams: So all that.
William Ross: I know you mentioned like is it stupid when you're
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah. I'm going to go scuba the Great Barrier Reef after.
William Ross: going
Chelsea G. Williams: So, I'm going to spend some time in Port Douglas, which is like a three-hour flight from Melbourne. Uh, and then I start in Sydney because it's a direct flight from Johannesburg. So, spend a few days in Sydney,
William Ross: Yeah.
Chelsea G. Williams: just taking in all the Sydney things, tourist, normal stuff. Bondi, I surf. So, gonna surf Bondi Beach. And yeah,
William Ross: You know, you need to stop working, Chelsea.
Chelsea G. Williams: I know.
William Ross: You I feel you.
Chelsea G. Williams: I need to stop surfing and just live my life. I mean,
William Ross: You've got a whole life outside of this,
Chelsea G. Williams: stop working and just outside of Yeah.
William Ross: you know, like this.
Chelsea G. Williams: So yeah,
William Ross: Like, get off. As much as I love RevOps,
 
 
00:14:55
 
Chelsea G. Williams: I'm uh I know,
William Ross: I mean, this you need to do something. You could just just leave. Just
Chelsea G. Williams: right? Exactly. I was like, if I can get a job in like tennis or F1, like that would be ideal for me.
William Ross: So,
Chelsea G. Williams: Like
William Ross: funny story about F1. So, I knew nothing about F1, right? And I pretty much hated it my my whole life.
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah.
William Ross: And then about four months ago, I was with my my friend and he's one of those people like when he gets into chatting, he's like he just keeps talking about it. He spent five hours explaining Formula F1 to me, like the history of it, every to the point where I started just watching it by myself. Like I was watching the whole run up to Glass season. I was like, "This is really interesting. This is really
Chelsea G. Williams: No, I'm probably a bigger F1 fan than tennis fan if you could probably imagine.
 
 
00:15:34
 
William Ross: good.
Chelsea G. Williams: Um, not over the last couple of years just because like I'm a Lewis fan and a Ferrari fan and now Lewis is with Ferrari and like that was supposed to be a dream come true for me and it's been an absolute nightmare. Um, so yeah, I' I'm also disassociating uh and just hoping for a better season this coming up year, but it's been tough.
William Ross: I mean, I can't see it happening next year.
Chelsea G. Williams: Um,
William Ross: Also, did you hear the when he was at the end of the last race, he was speaking to the to the control team,
Chelsea G. Williams: yeah,
William Ross: giving them a nice and then they were like,
Chelsea G. Williams: they're just Yeah,
William Ross: "Sorry, what was that?
Chelsea G. Williams: they they just like the I think Lewis underestimated the cultural shift. I mean, he'd been with Mercedes for all those years and him his relationship with Toto. So, um I think he underestimated the amount like how much a relationship with your with the team outside the track matters.
 
 
00:16:24
 
Chelsea G. Williams: Uh and there is no chemistry with the Ferrari.
William Ross: Yeah. Between that that happening,
Chelsea G. Williams: Uh
William Ross: you had L. Clerk trying to chase down Norris and he just didn't have the Did you see it? Like he was trying to chase down Norris, just didn't have the power. And I was watching it like go and you had Versappen on the on the control going like, is he catching him? Is he catching him? Then like two races prior,
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah.
William Ross: you had both L Cler and Hamilton DQing in like the same race within like like
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah, it's disgusting.
William Ross: catastrophic.
Chelsea G. Williams: Um, and it's being a winner for the last, you know, half a dec decade, almost a decade, and now this, it's kind of just like their sad days. But I'm excited about the season just because,
William Ross: Yeah.
Chelsea G. Williams: you know, another year with Ferrari. And I'm excited to see the Cadillac join the grid and see Sergio Czecho is always like my second favorite driver outside of Lewis.
 
 
00:17:15
 
Chelsea G. Williams: So, I'm excited to see him back on the grid. Very good fun. So, yeah. Um, I'll just be watching with less expectations. uh this year. I think that's what what make me enjoy the sport
William Ross: Yeah, absolutely.
Chelsea G. Williams: again.
William Ross: I guess it must been quite boring as well and had that the four in a row clearing
Chelsea G. Williams: Oh yeah. I mean,
William Ross: them.
Chelsea G. Williams: you weren't you weren't you weren't a fan when they robbed Lewis of his eighth. So that night was disgusting.
William Ross: That was Do you know since I got into F1,
Chelsea G. Williams: Um
William Ross: I've seen that reel on Instagram like 30 times.
Chelsea G. Williams: it's disgusting.
William Ross: Like,
Chelsea G. Williams: It's Yeah. But
William Ross: but anyway, I'm sure you'll watch some amazing tennis. And when when does F1 season actually kick off? It must be pretty soon.
Chelsea G. Williams: Uh March.
William Ross: Is it March?
 
 
00:17:59
 
William Ross: Okay. Oh, yeah.
Chelsea G. Williams: March.
William Ross: You'll come back few weeks later. F1 will kick off and just just take you along until the French Open.
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah, exactly. This time of the year.
William Ross: Well,
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah.
William Ross: no time for work. You don't
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah. Unfortunately,
William Ross: need
Chelsea G. Williams: there are still 80our work weeks in between my Sundays and uh tennis.
William Ross: 80 hour
Chelsea G. Williams: Um,
William Ross: weeks.
Chelsea G. Williams: I do about 60 most weeks, but there are the occasional 80s.
William Ross: Wow,
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah.
William Ross: it's brutal.
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah.
William Ross: Craig, is how many jobs do you do?
Chelsea G. Williams: That's just like why I wish I would have come up with Funnel Vision and I could like sell it off to someone and retire and be done with all of this.
William Ross: Well, if you know anyone that wants to buy,
Chelsea G. Williams: So,
William Ross: I mean, we'll cut you in.
 
 
00:18:43
 
Chelsea G. Williams: I was like I was Yeah, I was like I was so jealous that you guys thought of it.
William Ross: If you Yeah.
Chelsea G. Williams: Um, but yeah, bring me in if you guys want a
William Ross: If you bring us a buyer,
Chelsea G. Williams: co-founder.
William Ross: we'll cut you. No problem. We'll cut you in.
Chelsea G. Williams: I could bring you I could find you a buyer. You want to sell the private equity or sell to HubSpot.
William Ross: Oh, okay.
Chelsea G. Williams: We'll see what we can
William Ross: Yeah. We'll sell to any I don't care.
Chelsea G. Williams: do.
William Ross: We'll sell to the like Iranian defense. I don't
Chelsea G. Williams: Yeah. No, I hear you.
William Ross: care.
Chelsea G. Williams: But uh yeah, we'll uh if I can find you guys as a buyer, sure. I'll take my I'll take my cut and go off into the sunset.
William Ross: Abs. In fact, with all the travel, you'll go to all the sunsets. The sunset sunset for sure. Yeah. Know that's my dream. Genuinely, I've always thought if I had like a year off, I would do all the tennis tournaments. I would love to just spend a year just watching tennis.
 
 
Transcription ended after 00:19:47


This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.