Feb 20, 2026
FunnelVision - GoLive - Transcript
00:00:00
 
William Ross: Ah, hello Whan.
Waylon Howell: What's
William Ross: Oh,
Waylon Howell: up,
William Ross: nothing much. Nothing much. I I'm so excited this Friday. So excited.
Waylon Howell: dude? Same, man.
William Ross: I don't know.
Waylon Howell: I I picked up a I picked up a little cold this week. Um, it's been a short week,
William Ross: Oh yeah.
Waylon Howell: though, which is nice. We got Monday off.
William Ross: Amazing.
Waylon Howell: Um,
William Ross: So what was the holiday on Monday?
Waylon Howell: it was President's Day. Yeah.
William Ross: Great. Great time.
Waylon Howell: You know,
William Ross: Great.
Waylon Howell: it's a day.
William Ross: It's okay.
Waylon Howell: I'm going to I'm going to avoid uh any any takes while I'm being recorded on three different devices.
William Ross: Oh, that's true. I was going to say I'm going to
Waylon Howell: But I I What is a true fact is I liked not coming
William Ross: petition.
Waylon Howell: into work on Monday. That was
William Ross: That's true.
 
 
00:02:14
 
Waylon Howell: nice.
William Ross: And I'm now going to petition for a royal day as well. We should get one in the UK. A royalties day based on Yeah,
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
William Ross: absolutely. But yeah, no. Yeah, but you keep observing. I don't know about you, but I' I've spoken to quite a few people this week. It's been a long week for a lot of people. This has been a tough week, man. Oh my gosh. Joshua, you've had a tough week as well. I know you've been busy.
Joshua Graham: It's been a busy week. I don't know about tough. I wouldn't say it's been tough, but definitely back and forth on a lot of different stuff.
William Ross: Yeah. How's how's work though?
Waylon Howell: Yeah,
William Ross: What's keeping you What's keeping you
Waylon Howell: our whole Oh, dude. I mean,
William Ross: busy?
Waylon Howell: ever everything's keeping me busy. I and thank you so much for being patient with me just like constantly pushing stuff back.
 
 
00:02:54
 
Waylon Howell: But it's because Monday didn't happen. You know, Monday's meetings got kind of strewn across the week and then my boss is going out of town for a week and a half next week. Um so I'm like, you know, taking on whatever percentage of stuff can't get not done while he's gone.
William Ross: I was I mean it's busier before and then it'll be a nice relaxed
Waylon Howell: Um Yeah.
William Ross: off.
Waylon Howell: Yep. Um but I and that's so true. I'm super looking forward to next week basically cuz we're we've got most of sales out at an event
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: so it's going to be me and like one other person in the sales half of the office which will be nice.
William Ross: Yeah,
Waylon Howell: Um, it's always,
William Ross: perfect.
Waylon Howell: it's so funny. I like I haven't ever like, and I don't know how true this literally is, but it definitely feels like weeks when sales is gone and there's like less people around me like having me do stuff, I my productivity is up,
 
 
00:03:45
 
William Ross: Oh,
Waylon Howell: you
William Ross: absolutely. Yeah, 100%. I I absolutely agree.
Waylon Howell: know?
William Ross: When I did some Revel work with a few of our clients, like, and they would go to like an event, I'd be like, "Wow, I'm getting all these like nice things done in the background because it's not like you have those tasks like maybe take
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
William Ross: you half an hour to do, right?" But then the time it takes to transition your headsp space from one task,
Waylon Howell: Mhm.
William Ross: it's like it's like and then someone else will ask for something and then someone else will ask for something and they're all like little things.
Waylon Howell: Yep.
William Ross: You're like, "You can't see." And they're like, "How long will it take you?" And you're like, I know it only taken me like 20 minutes, but
Waylon Howell: Yeah. Dude,
William Ross: like
Waylon Howell: I I think about this a lot actually cuz like I I think this term has come up more in recent years, but like context switching.
 
 
00:04:21
 
William Ross: yes.
Waylon Howell: Um, uh, like that's it's it's expensive cognitively,
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: I think, to like do this constantly. U, but that's I the job a lot of the time,
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: you know,
William Ross: Do you know
Waylon Howell: it's like you're you've got 45 minutes before somebody interrupts you with the next like different thing in a different department
William Ross: what
Waylon Howell: that's going wrong that you have to like, okay, now I've got to remember what we're talking about in CS, you know,
William Ross: You know what?
Waylon Howell: so I can figure this out.
William Ross: It's so and I have had this debate with my dad for a long time because my dad was old school. He worked at the same company for like 36 years, worked his way, you know, he was like a trolley boy at the beginning and then worked his way up to the to a better position. But and he asked like all you do is like, you know, you just sit on your computer and you don't really do anything.
 
 
00:05:02
 
William Ross: I'm like, "Dad, I'm sorry. you know the con you know in your day you had you you'd have a meeting you then walk to a different building like for 15 minutes to get to your other I'm like back to like between calls I have like people emailing me you'd like write your letters or put your thing put your post in a different like I'm not seeing your work was more difficult but in terms of like the amount of information being processed there's times I'm thinking like how do I actually manage this like back like think of like the idea of like backto backtoback calls right 50
Waylon Howell: It's
William Ross: years ago. That was insane. Like insane.
Waylon Howell: true.
William Ross: Like you could speak like you could speak to the sales team and then right after you're speaking to like marketing right after and you're going wait I have to like suddenly know like what's going on in all these different functions and it's wild
Waylon Howell: Um Well,
William Ross: wild stuff. Anyway anyway you don't remember any of that.
 
 
00:05:50
 
Waylon Howell: man, what what do you what what will it be like in in 30 years,
William Ross: I'm sure you know
Waylon Howell: do you think? You know,
Joshua Graham: say it's always the same.
William Ross: what Yeah.
Joshua Graham: It's just a different version of
William Ross: It be more intense more intense.
Joshua Graham: it.
Waylon Howell: yeah.
William Ross: I could imagine. Oh. Um, but yes, shall we chat? All the fun stuff on funnel vision.
Waylon Howell: Oh, and at some point,
William Ross: So,
Waylon Howell: uh, if you guys have any I don't know, how have you guys been doing at the Olympics?
William Ross: do you know I have I've been watching the curling mostly because of the whole Canadian
Waylon Howell: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Because of the the I forget the term for it,
William Ross: debacle.
Waylon Howell: but the like the cheating scandal,
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: right?
William Ross: The cheating scandal. Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
William Ross: Touch of the finger.
Waylon Howell: Mhm.
William Ross: I've watched it.
Waylon Howell: I I was talking with co-workers about this and we don't need to caveat on this too much, but I was like I was like I don't understand curling, which is like why I don't know this, but I was like, how is that an advantage?
 
 
00:06:41
 
Waylon Howell: You know, like like what are you doing in that moment that's like actually making it better?
William Ross: Yeah,
Waylon Howell: I'm so curious like is there something that subtle that they can really get an edge,
William Ross: I think No,
Waylon Howell: you
William Ross: I totally agree. I think there's two parts to this,
Waylon Howell: know?
William Ross: right? There there's the there there's one part which is yes, I don't think it's a huge advantage, but but the fact is it's the fact he said he didn't do it on
Waylon Howell: Yeah. Yeah.
William Ross: camera and it's like wait and then the other part is well yeah the other part
Waylon Howell: It's like the dishonesty is is something. Yeah.
William Ross: is you're then dishonest about the fact well it is illegal whether it's an advantage or not you're just not allowed to do it.
Waylon Howell: Yeah. That would be the most embarrassing outcome if it's both not an advantage and they lied.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: I don't know.
William Ross: And it's like, wait, what?
 
 
00:07:23
 
William Ross: Why are you putting up fast?
Waylon Howell: Like good stuff.
William Ross: Just don't do it. And he's like, I've done it for years. Just because you've done it for years doesn't make it. Okay. So, that's what I find h that's what I find. And all the Canadian all I've seen like on Instagram like so many Canadians like I apologize on behalf of our
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
William Ross: Canadian So
Waylon Howell: Sorry on behalf of the Canadians. Yep. Yep. Yep.
Joshua Graham: Spend a lot of time
William Ross: yeah.
Waylon Howell: We've been watching hockey a lot in the office here.
Joshua Graham: doing
William Ross: Oh,
Waylon Howell: Um Yeah.
William Ross: really?
Waylon Howell: Because I mean in you know US and Canada are like the two heavy hitters in both men's
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: and women's this year. And we just got gold,
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: but uh I think we have the semis today in men's.
William Ross: Amazing. Amazing.
Waylon Howell: Um any
 
 
00:08:05
 
William Ross: So how how are like Sweden and Finland at the ice hockey cakes? I know there quite
Waylon Howell: also very good. Um I think Sweden I think just lost I think either the US or Canada beat them yesterday and then I think Finland plays today against the US if I remember correct.
William Ross: That'll be a big Yeah,
Waylon Howell: I I may have switched those around but it's something like that.
William Ross: I might actually tune in on that.
Waylon Howell: Yeah,
William Ross: That'll be That would be amazing.
Waylon Howell: it's in that game is going to be I think in the middle of the night for you guys.
William Ross: Oh,
Waylon Howell: Um if if I'm actually actually Act actually am I right about my math?
William Ross: it's Friday.
Waylon Howell: Because it's what like four o'clock there and I think the game's at 1:00 our
William Ross: Yeah. So, we're like we're
Waylon Howell: time. So that would be that's what 9ish 91. So it's okay. That's not too bad. It's only four hours from now.
 
 
00:08:46
 
William Ross: Yeah. Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
William Ross: Easy. Easy.
Waylon Howell: Okay.
William Ross: Yeah. Perfect. And obviously we're world the Olympics. I am so excited for the I'm a big football fan. So the World Cup in the US this year as well is going to be Scotland be there.
Waylon Howell: That'll be That'll be exciting.
William Ross: Scotland will be there. I'm very excited.
Waylon Howell: Oh, dude, that is exciting. I know very little about the World Cup.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: That's a sport that I need to I I need to do some more learning
William Ross: Sorry.
Waylon Howell: on.
William Ross: You can just a lot of people most people just support the country. Like that's what I did in in all our world cups is just just pick a country and just support them.
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
William Ross: I was a big uh Japan fan for a one world cup. I was uh I was a Georgia.
Waylon Howell: Wasn't there a year where Croatia was like making a super run?
 
 
00:09:20
 
William Ross: Yeah. Yeah.
Waylon Howell: I remember that.
William Ross: I was Yeah. Was was so uh so yeah,
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
William Ross: it's gonna it's going to be a good year for sport. Are you So is are winter sports more what you follow?
Waylon Howell: Um I don't know that I would say I I super closely follow any sports really, but um in the Olympics are always interesting. I think they're they're so fun. And this year with like I don't know,
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: just like the timing of them has been convenient enough that I've been able to keep up with some of them.
William Ross: Yeah. I I've I found that that's what made like a few sporting events I've watched in the past either really difficult or really good depending on the times of the of when it's like is it just something I watch on highlights the next day or is
Waylon Howell: Yeah. Yep.
William Ross: it Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Yep.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Because that was I because weren't the summer Olympics on like um I forget where they were.
 
 
00:10:05
 
Waylon Howell: Uh but the last one I like Yeah.
William Ross: the social
Waylon Howell: Yeah. I was like those I I didn't really watch any of them live cuz you
William Ross: I I I watched somehow so much skateboarding in the last Olympics.
Waylon Howell: know
William Ross: It was like the thing I followed too and I don't I think it was because there was so much positive camaraderie. So like no one cared if you won or lost. Everyone just wanted to have fun. So like you get all these like Yeah.
Waylon Howell: want to see
William Ross: Everyone's like just rooting.
Waylon Howell: trick.
William Ross: Everyone was rooting all the other people on, even if they're on different. I was like, "This is so nice. This is like what it should be." Just everyone going out there doing their best. And I was like,
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
William Ross: "This is
Waylon Howell: Meanwhile,
William Ross: great."
Waylon Howell: people are upset that the the rules for Olympic hockey are such that there's no fighting.
William Ross: Oh,
Waylon Howell: Um, yeah, you can't fight like you can in the NHL.
 
 
00:10:43
 
William Ross: really?
Joshua Graham: That's the only reason I ever went to watch hockey games.
Waylon Howell: Um,
Joshua Graham: Tony Twist fighting at the Blues
Waylon Howell: yeah. Yeah,
William Ross: I was going to ask this. Do you know how in some sports in the Olympics they don't allow it to be a professional?
Waylon Howell: exactly.
Joshua Graham: games.
William Ross: Like like in boxing like if you're a professional boxer you can't compete in the Olympics.
Waylon Howell: That's interesting.
William Ross: Is is hockey is hockey the
Waylon Howell: Yeah. No,
William Ross: same?
Waylon Howell: the like the Canadian team is I think all NHL players.
William Ross: Wow. Okay.
Waylon Howell: Um I don't know if it is 100% but it's probably close.
William Ross: So it's like Yeah.
Waylon Howell: The same with the US team.
William Ross: Yeah. Okay.
Waylon Howell: Um yeah.
William Ross: Like full strength you know like in the basketball when like the US decided to like wouldn't go basketball just
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
William Ross: bring Yeah.
Waylon Howell: It's like the US gets to have like you know the whole NBA on one team.
 
 
00:11:22
 
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Um which is like really cool for us I guess because it's like you don't get to see all these players on the same team ever,
William Ross: and all stars,
Waylon Howell: right? Because like a team couldn't afford it.
William Ross: right?
Waylon Howell: the the league wouldn't allow it, right? Like, you know,
William Ross: But I tell you what,
Waylon Howell: um but you know.
William Ross: if we could combine Europe together, though, I reckon we could have a good match.
Waylon Howell: Oh,
William Ross: I reckon I You know what?
Waylon Howell: yeah.
William Ross: I wouldn't put it past us.
Waylon Howell: Yeah. Our our advantage largely comes from size, I guess.
William Ross: Yeah. I mean, because I don't I've watched in the last Olympics when you played Serbia in the same I'm half Serbian and that was a close match.
Waylon Howell: Yeah. Cool.
William Ross: It was close and I was just Serbia.
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
William Ross: You put in Greece in there.
Waylon Howell: Mhm.
William Ross: So yeah, but it's just it's just Y just doing
 
 
00:12:02
 
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
William Ross: Y doesn't mean I watch him play.
Waylon Howell: Carrying the theme. Oh man.
William Ross: I'm like I don't even know. He doesn't even look like he knows what he's doing, man. He's just Anyway.
Waylon Howell: That's the magic of it,
William Ross: Yeah. Like you watch him play then you're like,
Waylon Howell: man.
William Ross: "Oh yeah, he looks like he's" and then you see the stats and you're like, "What the
Waylon Howell: Yeah. The casualness with which he plays with like literally the best players in the world. He looks like he's just out there having a good time, you know, playing in the backyard. It's like, no,
William Ross: Yeah,
Waylon Howell: this guy's an elite athlete who's beating like
William Ross: he doesn't even look athletic.
Waylon Howell: Yeah. Yeah.
William Ross: He looks like Terry from the pub.
Waylon Howell: But sorry I took us on this wild tangent,
William Ross: No,
Waylon Howell: but it's a good time of
William Ross: I'm glad I don't actually get to talk people are into like even just following the sport.
 
 
00:12:44
 
William Ross: So,
Waylon Howell: year.
William Ross: it's actually really nice to me to chat about it. Um, but I was actually ask about you Joshua. How do you feel about the Winter Olympics? Obviously few big US sports out
Joshua Graham: We haven't actually watched it this year.
William Ross: there.
Joshua Graham: We quite often do, but this year just it hasn't worked out that we have because the kids are all doing various things. My eldest is getting ready for university and things like that. I just if we're doing things together in the evenings, it tends to be either trying to get some last minute stuff in before he skes skips off to university and never comes back or dealing with seven-year-old things and seven-year-olds and anything that takes more than 10 minutes is just not going to
William Ross: Do you know you get them into curling?
Joshua Graham: happen.
William Ross: I don't know how my dad got me into curling when I was like a wee boy. And I think it was cuz it was like it was like something I could imagine myself doing.
 
 
00:13:34
 
William Ross: I was like, "Yes, I understand this. I can I can also move a rock. Yeah,
Joshua Graham: Normally I do I really like the Winter Olympics. There's a lot of really good things on there and it's it is it's that magic side of it just watching these people do these things
William Ross: it's
Joshua Graham: like it's nothing and I'm thinking how what did what
Waylon Howell: You know,
Joshua Graham: happened?
Waylon Howell: ice skating in particular gets me for that.
William Ross: Oh,
Joshua Graham: Ice skating is amazing.
William Ross: ice.
Waylon Howell: I can't believe everything they do.
William Ross: Did you see the back flip?
Waylon Howell: It blows my mind.
William Ross: Did you see Did you see the back flip off the Oh my
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
William Ross: god.
Waylon Howell: I can like I I can like kind of understand doing a backflip on the ground.
Joshua Graham: Yeah.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: You know what I mean?
William Ross: like privacy.
Waylon Howell: Like I I Yeah. Like I've never done it, but it's like all right.
William Ross: Yeah.
 
 
00:14:14
 
Waylon Howell: Like, you know, like I've I could see that. But imagining trying to do that on ice skates, like come on,
William Ross: Yeah. And this is a bit boggles me.
Waylon Howell: man.
William Ross: How do you know you can do it? Like how what are the steps required to know you can do?
Waylon Howell: Yeah,
William Ross: Like imagine like it's not you can just do it, right? He has to practice. What are you practicing on what's this sequence of
Waylon Howell: that's a great question. I don't I have no idea. Like,
William Ross: steps to get?
Waylon Howell: how do you practice safely, you know,
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: because presumably you've got to mess it up a couple times and doing that on the ice is
William Ross: And the other one I saw there's other I saw
Waylon Howell: dangerous.
Joshua Graham: I've actually love that by the time they get to the stage that they're doing things like that,
William Ross: that
Joshua Graham: them being on the ice is like us being on the ground because they just they're so used to it that
 
 
00:14:53
 
William Ross: Yeah. I don't understand that. Yeah.
Joshua Graham: they feel perfectly natural there and they can screw up like we would screw up doing a back flip on the
William Ross: Yeah.
Joshua Graham: grass.
William Ross: Yeah, it's h it's wild. Another one I saw was I my mind is not understanding it. It's the guy who's on his skis and he's like running uphill on skis.
Waylon Howell: at like 11 miles an hour.
William Ross: Yeah,
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
William Ross: but the pace he's running is faster than most people can sprint
Waylon Howell: Yep.
William Ross: and he's doing it uphill on
Waylon Howell: I I saw a clip of that.
William Ross: skis.
Waylon Howell: He's doing like a I guess he's doing a six minutee mile pace and he's doing an uphill and
William Ross: Yeah. And it's like, yes, I know. Right. And you're like, "Yes,
Waylon Howell: skis.
William Ross: I know he's an elite athlete. He's like a multi- gold medal wer, but like what?" It's
Waylon Howell: Yeah, it's it's unbelievable.
 
 
00:15:41
 
William Ross: Yeah. I just There's There's like Yeah.
Joshua Graham: If I can do that with the stairs and flippers.
William Ross: I I I've I've done like I've been in flippers and like diving suits. I can't I can barely walk backwards in those things, let alone forward.
Waylon Howell: Yeah, it's it's really
William Ross: Yeah. I mean, I'm just glad there's people out there that are this.
Waylon Howell: unbelievable.
William Ross: I'm always like the level of commitment to be that good because you're not like three years old that good. Like the level of consistency and commitment and w outrageous outrageous but uh but we can be like that guys if put our mind to it. I was actually chatting about this to my wife and I was like I it's like those classic have I dedicated my whole life to doing any of these sports or disciplines. There's still no chance I would make it because you still have to be like gifted in some other like either it's a biological domain or there has to be because you're competing with other people who have also worked that hard and they also Yeah.
 
 
00:16:34
 
Waylon Howell: Yeah, there's a little bit of luck, right? And you know,
William Ross: And they also have
Waylon Howell: if we're being super honest,
William Ross: gifts.
Waylon Howell: like a a lot of bit of just like right place, right time,
William Ross: Oh yeah.
Waylon Howell: you know,
William Ross: Absolutely.
Waylon Howell: you got to you got to be probably born to a place that's going to have an environment where you are going to be able to do that, right? Because most people don't don't get the luxury of being able to devote their entire life to learning a
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: single sport,
William Ross: No, absolutely.
Waylon Howell: you know.
William Ross: And that's what made the whole Jamaican bob slay team so famous because they were like, "How the heck did they do that?" So,
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
William Ross: yeah. But I love it. I love seeing a big I'm I grew up with a lot of sport. and a sports very close to my heart and I just think it's is magic these things genuinely that level um I'll also get frustrated when my team are losing and I call them donkeys because they're rubbish that's that's that's the way it goes but yes on
 
 
00:17:25
 
Waylon Howell: Yep.
William Ross: chubby chat funnel vision well and all that good stuff yeah I was say we made we that's
Waylon Howell: Yeah. Let's Let's talk pedal vision.
William Ross: why I like having Josh on because we we've actually done a few um rollouts and updates a few quality of life improvements a few on the um rules page. We've now got wraparound functions. So you can like do basically do add or in the same rule, but really it's just a case of getting you at it.
Waylon Howell: Cool.
William Ross: Do you want to you can play around with it in the system if that sounds good.
Waylon Howell: I think it could be fun.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: I'd be I'd be
William Ross: So yeah, let's do I'll send you the link and then you basically probably best if you share your screen and we can just kind of like walk you through
Waylon Howell: interested.
William Ross: it. Super simple. Yeah, there you go. Basic just funnel.cloud. CL. Yeah. Actually, speaking of sporting injury, I actually damaged one of the tendons in my arm.
 
 
00:18:20
 
William Ross: So, I had like an ice pack on all day. I'm like, God, I feel like such a wuss compared to these people.
Waylon Howell: Oh yeah, like um Lindsay Vaughn like, "Yeah, I'm going to compete with a torn ACL." And goes and breaks her leg.
William Ross: Yeah. Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Like come on, man.
William Ross: But the the mentality of these people like my
Waylon Howell: I like that's really metal.
William Ross: god.
Waylon Howell: But all right.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: All right. There we
William Ross: There we go. So yeah,
Waylon Howell: go.
William Ross: you can just start for free and you'll set up a new one.
Waylon Howell: Oh, it's just that easy,
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: huh?
William Ross: And then you just basic permissions. And then this bit will usually take a few minutes. Um,
Waylon Howell: It's funny like my HubSpot user is sales operations and so HubSpot always sends me emails. They're like, "Hey sales like, "Hey guys, oh no, you guys, I just doxed my address.
William Ross: Yeah.
 
 
00:19:34
 
William Ross: So this is take like you know couple few but this is
Waylon Howell: Oh, cool. Doing a little little perusing,
William Ross: really yeah taking a little looks look
Waylon Howell: taking a look.
William Ross: yeah what you got plans for the weekend? What's what's apart from obviously recovering from the cold and things but any
Waylon Howell: Yeah. Um, I mean, that's the big one.
William Ross: fun
Waylon Howell: Normally I have uh normally I do movie nights on Fridays um and invite a bunch of friends over and we usually watch we usually call it bad movie nights. So, normally we're watching like real obscure terrible stuff.
William Ross: I've been on a we movie like this whole week we've been watching this I watched Grand Pudapest Hotel
Waylon Howell: Um,
William Ross: last night we watched Yeah it was really good actually one of those like funky films was
Waylon Howell: I've never seen it, but it's on my list.
William Ross: actually quite funny. We watched a horror film, Emight Shyamalan, um, The Visitor, and it was like actually quite scary.
 
 
00:20:22
 
William Ross: I was very impressed. And my wife had never seen the Dark Knight films, so we watched the whole trilogy,
Waylon Howell: Oh.
William Ross: like the And that was like even watching it again,
Waylon Howell: Oh.
William Ross: I was like, "Wow, this is just so good." So good.
Waylon Howell: I haven't seen I haven't seen those in a while. It's like interesting to think about.
William Ross: Oh,
Joshua Graham: You hear
Waylon Howell: I mean,
William Ross: I recommend it.
Waylon Howell: obviously they're so they're like an iconic trilogy,
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: but am I starting my trial?
William Ross: Um,
Joshua Graham: it?
William Ross: yeah, just start from Yeah. Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
William Ross: Um and we can be flexible on the trials. Don't don't worry too much about that. But that's it. That's your uh that's basically you're looking at the snapshot audit of your pipeline and you can just um you can connect to Slack or Teams
Waylon Howell: Nice.
William Ross: if you want just
Waylon Howell: It's cool. Okay.
 
 
00:20:54
 
William Ross: now.
Waylon Howell: Um connect Slacker Teams. Let's connect to Teams. See if Cody uh allows me
William Ross: Yeah. Oh yeah.
Waylon Howell: to
William Ross: Interesting one for us to see what permissions are required.
Waylon Howell: uh I wondered about this too.
Joshua Graham: Uh, I did wonder about that.
Waylon Howell: Did I Did I screw it up by switching what my name was
Joshua Graham: Uh, no, I suspect this is actually Let me
Waylon Howell: or or is this a uh would it be helpful for me
Joshua Graham: just Yeah,
Waylon Howell: to send this to you
Joshua Graham: if you can send that to me, that would be helpful.
Waylon Howell: or that
Joshua Graham: I suspect this is going to be a permissions based thing.
Waylon Howell: makes sense?
Joshua Graham: I assume you have a team's admin who deals with all of that side of things.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Yep. And yeah, and I am not a Teams admin.
Joshua Graham: Okay.
Waylon Howell: Um that would that would make me too powerful.
Joshua Graham: Two
Waylon Howell: Um, yeah,
 
 
00:21:43
 
Joshua Graham: power.
William Ross: Not as not as powerful as the HubSpot super admin title that I like to give people.
Waylon Howell: that's yeah. Um,
Joshua Graham: So yeah,
Waylon Howell: I'm I'm admin of like almost all of our GTM tools,
Joshua Graham: we need
Waylon Howell: but Teams is one of them that they they don't let me
William Ross: Yeah, ring fence.
Waylon Howell: have.
William Ross: Ring fence to Microsoft. So, you should not be complaining about that. You don't want to touch that
Waylon Howell: Oh, no. I listen don't confuse that for me wishing that I was because I have to work with our
William Ross: stuff.
Waylon Howell: team admin all the time and man it's a jungle in
William Ross: Yeah, absolutely.
Joshua Graham: So,
Waylon Howell: there.
Joshua Graham: we've got a couple things that we need to do there. One is I'm going to improve this flow. So, you can actually request that the admin approves
Waylon Howell: Perfect.
Joshua Graham: it.
Waylon Howell: Cuz we have that set up. Um, it's funny. That's something we set up very recently because of a different app that was blocking different users for silly reasons,
 
 
00:22:32
 
Joshua Graham: Yeah, for now go ahead and hit back on that.
Waylon Howell: but
Joshua Graham: We'll go back to Funnel Vision and get you set
William Ross: Well, you'll still know you can still view everything.
Joshua Graham: up.
William Ross: It just means you can't request the updates just yet, but you can still you can configure the rules. You can you can um view all the hygiene issues just
Waylon Howell: cool.
Joshua Graham: What I'll do for you is I'll get you a URL that you can give to your team's admin and they can just go to that and then it'll take them through the process of
William Ross: now.
Joshua Graham: setting all that up.
Waylon Howell: Okay, cool.
William Ross: Delegation best ability Yeah.
Joshua Graham: delegation. We love that.
Waylon Howell: Oh,
William Ross: So,
Waylon Howell: yeah.
Joshua Graham: So you might start on the bottom left there that customize pipelines and stages so we're not looking at things that you don't care
William Ross: so yeah. So, basically here we want to look at what what do you define as like your active pipe?
 
 
00:23:04
 
Joshua Graham: about.
William Ross: What do you what what's what's the most
Waylon Howell: Mhm. Okay.
William Ross: important?
Waylon Howell: I have an interesting kind of um question.
William Ross: Mhm.
Waylon Howell: Um and let me actually let me look at Okay, never mind. Yeah, these are cool. And you could just disable the whole pipeline. That's
William Ross: Yeah. Yeah.
Joshua Graham: entire pipeline.
Waylon Howell: so
William Ross: If you just disable.
Joshua Graham: If you don't care about that one or if it's not relevant to the hygiene for
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Oh, that's so
William Ross: So I imagine for most Yeah.
Waylon Howell: sick.
Joshua Graham: this
William Ross: So you'd imagine for most pipelines you probably disabled because it's going to get really
Waylon Howell: Yeah. Okay.
William Ross: convoluted.
Waylon Howell: So then I guess that's that's kind of a good kind of question. So if or can I configure rules based on specific pipelines um like independent of one another like like hey look in this pipeline for these things and then look in that pipeline for those things.
 
 
00:23:57
 
Waylon Howell: Um and those are like two separate kinds of issues. Does that make
Joshua Graham: So yes,
Waylon Howell: sense?
Joshua Graham: in the rules when you create them, you can tell it which pipelines are relevant to the role that you're creating.
Waylon Howell: Mhm.
Joshua Graham: So if it's in this pipeline and it's got this particular set of conditions, then that's an issue.
Waylon Howell: Okay. Um, but is it going to be like too much to have all of these or should I keep it? Um,
William Ross: It's really up to you.
Waylon Howell: all right.
William Ross: I I would probably recommend when you're starting out maybe just focus on one or two just because then you can always
Waylon Howell: Cuz I can enable these later or
William Ross: react.
Joshua Graham: You can reenable them later.
William Ross: Yeah. Whenever you
Joshua Graham: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: no?
William Ross: want.
Joshua Graham: Uh the biggest part that can be confusing is the built-in rules would then be applying to everything and you may not care that something at this level doesn't have a company or something like that.
 
 
00:24:38
 
Waylon Howell: Mhm.
Joshua Graham: For the custom roles, you can be a lot more specific about which stages within a pipeline are relevant for
William Ross: But then what you could also do is just even within that you could just
Joshua Graham: that.
Waylon Howell: Mhm.
William Ross: deactivate the custom rules and then rebuild them in the in the deactivate the pre-built rules and then
Joshua Graham: Yeah.
William Ross: recreate them in custom rules if you
Waylon Howell: And then I guess um am I and I maybe this is something I would figure out in
William Ross: want.
Waylon Howell: just a second, but when I uncheck a deal stage, um what is that doing? Is that saying like now I can't apply a rule that cares about this stage or there are no rules will apply to deals in this stage? Um or how do
Joshua Graham: So is what we're actually doing is anything that you have disabled or unticked in here will not count
Waylon Howell: like
Joshua Graham: for any of the hygiene checks.
Waylon Howell: Okay, cool. So, um, if if I'm if I care about like a past close date and I leave closed lost on, is it going to if I if I'm not careful, would that say like all my deals in closed loss have pass date?
 
 
00:25:42
 
Joshua Graham: it'll pick up all those.
Waylon Howell: Okay.
Joshua Graham: Yeah. Same with closed one.
Waylon Howell: Okay.
William Ross: Yes.
Joshua Graham: We actually usually close disable both of those just because we are often looking
Waylon Howell: Because Yeah.
Joshua Graham: close dates
Waylon Howell: I was like, at least in my experience,
Joshua Graham: and
Waylon Howell: there aren't many instances where you're like something's changing on a closed deal.
William Ross: You're wanting Yeah, exactly.
Waylon Howell: Yeah. where where you care
William Ross: Yeah.
Joshua Graham: the same with sale.
William Ross: Even if they do change and you change the deal stage,
Waylon Howell: about.
William Ross: they'll just get reactivated in their stage anyway. So, generally, yeah, it's not a big deal.
Waylon Howell: Cool. Cool. I actually just deleted a couple of old defunct pipelines, so this is even less than it could have
William Ross: You got you have a lot of pipelines.
Waylon Howell: been. Um, really it's like one, two, three, four. It's really four. This one's going to go away too, I think.
 
 
00:26:29
 
William Ross: Okay.
Waylon Howell: Um, and the test one obviously is not really real,
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: but I like I like keeping one around in the production environment just because it's like as nice as the sandbox changes have been, sometimes it's it's good to have something that's like in the live version I can I can look at
William Ross: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Waylon Howell: without interacting with other people's stuff. All right. Um, did this work? Did I save my changes?
Joshua Graham: It did actually say it saved earlier. I don't know why it's still spinning.
William Ross: Yes.
Joshua Graham: It seems to have gotten confused.
Waylon Howell: All All right.
Joshua Graham: So, I think the next stage then, William, is probably to actually take a look at Oh,
William Ross: Um,
Joshua Graham: there it goes. Save some more. Uh to actually take a look at the rules page and go through some of the new fixes and changes we've made in there.
William Ross: yes. So, these are your pre-built ones.
 
 
00:27:13
 
William Ross: Again, you can switch those off if you want and recreate them as custom rules or you can leave them on if you want as well.
Waylon Howell: Oh,
William Ross: These are just your out of the box
Waylon Howell: cool.
William Ross: options.
Waylon Howell: Sales cycle type. What is it uh referring to
William Ross: So here Yeah.
Waylon Howell: here?
Joshua Graham: So in so in the settings,
William Ross: Sorry. You
Joshua Graham: so if you hit the three bars at the top right there and go into settings,
William Ross: go.
Joshua Graham: you can select your sales cycle type, which is right right below it tells you to give us money.
Waylon Howell: Ooh.
Joshua Graham: Defaults to be medium sales cycle,
Waylon Howell: Oh,
Joshua Graham: which means that anything 14 days that hasn't had anything done to it is stale over 30 days.
Waylon Howell: okay.
Joshua Graham: very stale. Uh, but you can also change that depending on how long your sales cycles are, so it's a little bit more relevant.
Waylon Howell: That's pretty cool.
Joshua Graham: But as William said, really, if that's not working out, you can always build a custom role that says whatever you want it to
 
 
00:28:02
 
Waylon Howell: Mhm.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: So,
Joshua Graham: say.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: could I I guess I would just turn off that basic rule. That makes sense.
William Ross: Yeah.
Joshua Graham: Yeah.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: It's just going to take me the same
Joshua Graham: Yeah.
William Ross: It's just to get a sense on on stale and just give that initial appearance of,
Waylon Howell: thing
William Ross: you know, the sens. Again, you can always customize it to however you want.
Joshua Graham: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: extended period. Okay. So,
Joshua Graham: So if you want to then
Waylon Howell: this is the long the longtail version. So, this would be the 30-day and this is the 14-day.
William Ross: Yes. Yeah.
Joshua Graham: Yeah,
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
William Ross: But but the beauty is as well like you'll have us on hand.
Joshua Graham: exactly.
William Ross: So just ping us if you want to call and chat things through.
Waylon Howell: Mhm. No, these are great. And like um in our specific case,
 
 
00:28:36
 
William Ross: So
Waylon Howell: like we have um um we do kind of our stale countdown differently depending on what deal stage you're in. So, like if when you're in demo scheduled, which is where our pipeline starts,
William Ross: yeah.
Waylon Howell: um you can be there a little bit longer than you can in later stages without it being quoteunquote steel, um mainly because there's much more runup usually. Like if you schedule a meeting two weeks from now, if your deal is 14 days old, it's 14 days old, right?
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Like um we try not to like obviously the sooner the better,
William Ross: Yeah. Yeah.
Waylon Howell: but um if if automation was flagging it every time it got to the 15th day,
William Ross: And so, so
Waylon Howell: it would be all the time. So, um, but
William Ross: that's something you could do here if you wanted like stage specific sales.
Waylon Howell: yeah.
William Ross: You can just the stage is this and then you put in it's not been updated in 20 days or
Waylon Howell: Mhm.
William Ross: 10 days or one day or whatever it
 
 
00:29:31
 
Waylon Howell: Yep. Um, and so like I I built the,
William Ross: is.
Waylon Howell: you know, a custom model that just like applies a deal tag when it gets old or whatever. Um, and it'll be nice like I'm like thinking about this, the one that I think about the most honestly is Next Step. Um because that's the one that I like harp on the reps the most. Um just cuz it's easy to forget and it's so nice to
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: actually have them updating it. Um
Joshua Graham: Yep. Which you can create rules.
William Ross: Mhm.
Joshua Graham: Obviously, we've got the built-in one that will tell you if there's no next step,
Waylon Howell: because
Joshua Graham: but you can also create one tell you if the next step hasn't been updated in a certain period of time.
Waylon Howell: yeah, let's
Joshua Graham: And that can be stage dependent.
Waylon Howell: Okay.
Joshua Graham: So if it has been 25 days for this particular stage and they haven't updated it, then flag it. The other thing is it can be used to either surface the hygiene issues or notify them.
 
 
00:30:25
 
Joshua Graham: So when you were talking about it sending out messages on the 15th day being really annoying, you could not tick that automatically request button there. So, you'll be able to see any of those that are over 15 days, but it won't start to nag them until you actually go tell them, "Hey, I don't what's going on with this
Waylon Howell: Oh,
Joshua Graham: one.
Waylon Howell: that's cool. Okay, so I have a question. Um,
William Ross: Mhm.
Waylon Howell: so if I add Okay, so a condition group lets me keep all of this logic in like separate from other sets of logic.
Joshua Graham: Yeah, agreed. So in that case you
Waylon Howell: And is it is it doing and then I can just flip this to or?
Joshua Graham: might
Waylon Howell: Okay.
William Ross: Yeah, there's also going to be a little layman's bo a layman's box at the top and that will like basically outline what the rule is doing. So you see there it says like if and then you can just read that and that'll tell you what the
 
 
00:31:21
 
Waylon Howell: This is so clever. It's funny like um I'd like to think I've built so many filters and so
William Ross: rule
Waylon Howell: many you know I mean like I've I've done this so many times. So like it's like pretty intuitive I think for me to think about stuff in this way. Um, but this is where if you're not doing this every day, like logic problems like this can be kind of tough. So, it's it's really nice to see this,
Joshua Graham: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: I
Joshua Graham: Yeah, absolutely.
Waylon Howell: guess.
Joshua Graham: Particularly when you start to work with condition groups. So you have if it's this and this, this or this,
Waylon Howell: Yep.
Joshua Graham: that sort of thing starts to get really complex really fast and it's hard for
William Ross: Yeah.
Joshua Graham: people.
Waylon Howell: If you've ever had to do that in reports especially the like where you have to custom rule it. I've every every time I do that,
Joshua Graham: Yeah.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: I'm looking at it and I'm like, "No one can ever touch this again." Like like,
 
 
00:32:12
 
Joshua Graham: Yeah.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: you
Joshua Graham: And we definitely we're trying to find this nice balance here between giving a lot of power to people who are capable of
Waylon Howell: know,
Joshua Graham: doing this but also keeping it simple so that we don't scare away everybody.
Waylon Howell: it's also really nice that you're surfacing both the internal and external names here. Um,
Joshua Graham: Yeah,
Waylon Howell: I think it's it's not uncommon for
Joshua Graham: we actually I started doing that for debug purposes early on, but then we realized that actually that's kind of
Waylon Howell: Oh, that's so nice, too. Days since updated,
William Ross: Yeah.
Joshua Graham: handy.
Waylon Howell: just being right there. It's amazing.
Joshua Graham: Yeah, next up is actually an interesting one because HubSpot actually has its own field for when it was last updated. So you could use that. But we
Waylon Howell: Is that is that visible in just like the front end UI or is that only
Joshua Graham: also
Waylon Howell: something you can see in the
Joshua Graham: some of these things are only available in the API.
 
 
00:33:03
 
Waylon Howell: API
Joshua Graham: And that's actually another nice thing here is we can do some filters that you can't do directly in HubSpot because we've got access to
Waylon Howell: cuz you you mentioned that and I know that's true because the forecast tool knows when you did it,
Joshua Graham: that.
Waylon Howell: right?
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: And obviously it HubSpot has like some limited history in all of them,
Joshua Graham: So,
Waylon Howell: but Oh,
Joshua Graham: actually, if you pull up the HubSpot field there, instead of
Waylon Howell: it is next step last updated on.
Joshua Graham: next,
Waylon Howell: Wow. I wonder how long that's been there and I didn't know about it.
Joshua Graham: we're not supposed to be telling you how to do stuff in HubSpot
Waylon Howell: Yeah, like what what am I doing?
Joshua Graham: here.
Waylon Howell: Which fields should be list for updates? This is clever, too, cuz some like oftent times what's happening up here has nothing to do with what the rep's going to update. and and like this is um there's stuff that happens like like really I don't
 
 
00:33:47
 
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: even know if this is the rule that I would end up staying with like just a timebound next step rule it would be okay I guess um uh and it would be probably the the best place to start but having like other things like you know there's been the last activity day is a couple of days ago and there's no next meeting and there's no like next step update in some amount of time, right?
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: You you could be more complicated and use other properties and say update the next step and also update this other
William Ross: Yeah. Exactly.
Joshua Graham: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: thing.
William Ross: Yeah. Exactly. Exactly.
Waylon Howell: Um
William Ross: You can you can And the good thing is it's Funnel Vision's clever enough so that if multiple of the same things are being triggered in the same deal, it will only ask for each thing once. So like if it's got a miss if it's like make it up if it's got a missing next step and you're asking for a next step and a third rule is asking for a next step, it'll only ask for a next step once.
 
 
00:34:41
 
William Ross: So it's not you'll have to do it three times.
Waylon Howell: Cool.
William Ross: Something I was very testing with with Josh.
Joshua Graham: Yeah,
William Ross: I was doing lots of breaking on that
Joshua Graham: we've been through a lot of loops on those things. Uh, but also we're really keen to start to see what people can come up with on these things,
William Ross: side.
Joshua Graham: what limits you run into as well. So, if anything doesn't seem like it's possible, first off, we can help tell you if there's a way to do it that you're not thinking of, but also if there's really not a way to do it, we'd love to know about that so we can start to figure out what the next steps are for improving capability here. Inevitably, no matter how much we plan for somebody does something and I'm just looking at it thinking, "Wow, why didn't we think of that?
William Ross: Yeah,
Waylon Howell: Dude, isn't it Isn't it great to I love that?
William Ross: exactly.
Waylon Howell: It's like so fun to just discover how much you don't know about something, I guess.
 
 
00:35:33
 
William Ross: Oh
Waylon Howell: Um like literally just now learning something about HubSpot,
William Ross: yeah.
Waylon Howell: which is my whole freaking deal.
Joshua Graham: It's usually my because I know nothing about sales.
William Ross: So the only So the only thing
Joshua Graham: So I learn a ton every time we have a conversation.
William Ross: worth mentioning is do you see that um automatic request update from deal owners?
Waylon Howell: Um
William Ross: I don't know if we've gone over that button before. Um,
Waylon Howell: uh this is what automatically sends them a team's message,
William Ross: basically,
Waylon Howell: right?
William Ross: yeah, exactly. So,
Waylon Howell: or a Oh,
William Ross: it basically sends them a daily digest and it'll be like, here are all the rules that triggered.
Waylon Howell: so is this I I guess like in its current configuration,
William Ross: So,
Waylon Howell: if I have this off, what this will do is just like if I go to the dashboard,
William Ross: yeah.
Waylon Howell: it will highlight deals that have this issue.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Um,
William Ross: And you can manually request it whenever you want.
 
 
00:36:14
 
Waylon Howell: and then I can manually request it, which communicates to them via team,
Joshua Graham: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Slack,
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: whatever.
William Ross: If it's on,
Waylon Howell: Um,
William Ross: it's the exact It's the exact same except it will also do an automatic one once a day every morning at
Waylon Howell: on
William Ross: like 9:00 a.m. to say, "Hey,
Waylon Howell: Cool.
William Ross: here are all the deals that have been triggered." So, it basically means you don't need to manually request it, but you can still manually request it if it's like not been action for like 5 days and you want to escalate.
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
William Ross: And you, okay,
Waylon Howell: Oh, that's so it's it was so smart to do it that way.
William Ross: I can now track
Waylon Howell: I think I I'd be curious like what other feedback you get from from other folks, but to me like um notification fatigue is something I don't know if enough people think about managing.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Um but you really got to manage it in in my view.
 
 
00:36:51
 
Joshua Graham: Yeah,
Waylon Howell: Um particularly with sales reps cuz like
Joshua Graham: it's one of the reasons even just for us during testing,
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
Joshua Graham: we had to go with the day later I address because I was getting fed up with William sending me notifications.
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
Joshua Graham: I started to ignore them and I thought, "Okay,
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
Joshua Graham: now we got to do something different here.
Waylon Howell: Cuz like even an excellent process if you notify poorly and the the user like starts not feeling like it's important to like respect that notification. Um, you can you can blow up your whole process just cuz people won't adopt, you know.
William Ross: And the thing is it'll just basically they'll get one message on teams that says,
Waylon Howell: Um,
William Ross: "Hey, you've got 13 deals that I need updates." And you can just go through it one by one.
Waylon Howell: yep. Um,
William Ross: And then obviously
Waylon Howell: and you could can you time that notification like to go at a certain time and do certain
 
 
00:37:32
 
Joshua Graham: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: things? Um,
Joshua Graham: So, at the moment, it happens 9:00 a.m.
Waylon Howell: or is it always in the morning?
Joshua Graham: uh GMT every day. We're actually looking at having that as a customizable field for you,
Waylon Howell: Mhm.
Joshua Graham: so you can pick what time you want it to happen.
Waylon Howell: I think they'd
Joshua Graham: We're also looking at possibilities of having it happen more than once a day.
Waylon Howell: be
Joshua Graham: So, if you wanted to have 9, noon, and 300 p.m., that could work as well. Things like
Waylon Howell: um I I don't know about uh maybe multiple times a day would make sense.
Joshua Graham: that.
Waylon Howell: Um what what came to my mind was uh on certain like days of the week like every Thursday or Friday usually is the day that I'm going to all the sales and
William Ross: again.
Waylon Howell: being like, "Hey, have you put in your forecast? Hey, have you put in your forecast? Um,
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: and I don't know, it's like interesting because like we've talked about the forecast tool a little bit and like forecast is like such a weird tool in HubSpot.
 
 
00:38:26
 
Waylon Howell: Um, so I don't know what I would necessarily do, but it would be nice to I guess maybe I can't do that. Um, I wish there was something on the deal object that said like this forecast call has been submitted this week, but it's like its own weird thing. But that's a HubSpot problem. Um, so if I click create rule Oh. Oh. Oh, there it goes. Oh,
Joshua Graham: Oh,
Waylon Howell: I may I may have queued up a couple of uh clicks
Joshua Graham: wow.
Waylon Howell: there.
William Ross: Oh, is it just is it just a lag? It's all the same rule, right?
Waylon Howell: Mhm. Yeah,
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: that's my bad. I clicked I clicked it a bunch of times. I did the classic thing.
Joshua Graham: It should have disabled it the first time you clicked it.
Waylon Howell: Um,
Joshua Graham: I must have created an issue there. And William didn't notice that I messed it
Waylon Howell: look at it go.
Joshua Graham: up.
 
 
00:39:17
 
William Ross: Well, the good thing is you can just delete them all.
Waylon Howell: And man, this is the fun part. Um,
Joshua Graham: The other thing I would say is while you're playing around with this, feel free to trash things. We can always reset the environment for you if you want to start over again once you've played around with it and had some
Waylon Howell: oh, cool.
Joshua Graham: fun.
Waylon Howell: I love hearing stuff like that. I'll I'll I'll find some weird stuff to do with it, I think. Um I've got some I've got some time to play around with it next week.
William Ross: That's the goal. I was going to say is another thing that's probably worth checking out is making sure that all the teams.
Waylon Howell: Um,
William Ross: We can't message everyone, but we can see who's on teams. Josh, it's probably worth checking to see if the teams has actually synced with the right people.
Joshua Graham: I won't have done that at all because he doesn't have permissions to actually install it to go get the rights to that side of things.
 
 
00:40:05
 
Joshua Graham: So,
Waylon Howell: yeah,
Joshua Graham: I'll have to set up a special link for your team's admin to go do
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: I it won't it won't have seen anything yet.
William Ross: Yeah.
Joshua Graham: that.
William Ross: Yeah. Well,
Waylon Howell: Okay, can rerun all rules.
William Ross: we can actually see that we can so we can actually see if there's if it's if that rule you've created has picked up any deals. So, if we go to the you can go to the fix issues page and then you can filter on the where it says deals with issues uh towards the top and that's where it shows you
Waylon Howell: Okay. Can pick
William Ross: basically all the all all you can search any any issue and then at the bottom is your custom ones
Waylon Howell: you.
William Ross: and there you go.
Waylon Howell: Cool. Cool.
William Ross: And then of then on the active stages you can filter if you want like specific stages to search for anything.
Waylon Howell: Okay.
William Ross: And then the active ones are the ones that you defined in the Yeah.
 
 
00:40:50
 
Waylon Howell: The ones that I've selected.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Um, is active stages like rule specific? Um, or no, no, no. Or just like
Joshua Graham: That's when you did your configuring of the pipelines.
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
Joshua Graham: Any of them that are checked and not disabled will be at the active stages. But you can also go in here and explicitly select things.
Waylon Howell: Mhm.
Joshua Graham: You can get ones that aren't active.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Okay. All owners. Oh, that's funny.
William Ross: So that'll be because that'll be probably because of the imagine the teams. Yeah. As
Waylon Howell: I wonder it's I wonder like these are all just like connectors,
William Ross: well.
Waylon Howell: but like it'd be interesting one day if if there's just a bunch of agents listed in
William Ross: Uh but yeah, but the basically idea is funnel vision is really what you can do is once you've set up the rules, it's going to be a really light touch tool that you can just log into, see if the rules are running, edit them, and then you can just view the pending request to see if there's anything that needs escalated.
 
 
00:41:50
 
Waylon Howell: This is pretty good.
William Ross: Um
Waylon Howell: I'm I'm pretty happy with with what I'm seeing. I think
William Ross: awesome.
Waylon Howell: um
William Ross: I was going to say, is it worth then getting a should we get like a a cadence in just to see how things are going to be on a weekly or every or bi-weekly, whatever suits you
Waylon Howell: I I think um maybe not.
William Ross: just
Waylon Howell: We can eventually go weekly, I guess. Um but I don't know that I'll have much next week specifically.
William Ross: Yeah. Yeah. Of course.
Waylon Howell: Um just cuz like everybody's going to be in an event and so nobody will be really doing
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: a lot of deal stuff like inhouse. Like we'll be we'll be doing a lot of deal stuff but it'll be like setting demos and like you know um
William Ross: Yeah.
Joshua Graham: might be a perfect opportunity to play some rules and have some
Waylon Howell: all of the top of funnel stuff.
William Ross: Yeah, exactly.
 
 
00:42:30
 
William Ross: I mean,
Joshua Graham: fun.
William Ross: we can always just track a flexible place.
Waylon Howell: Um you know what I've got
William Ross: We don't have to take It's just always I find a good diary.
Waylon Howell: some let's do some custom stuff. Okay, let's say uh and then Oh, okay. Count of meetings. It's a number, dude. That's so nice. You can like declare it. Is it going to let me do greater than? Yes, it is. Sick.
Joshua Graham: So yeah, for any custom fields because HubSpot doesn't actually tell us what they are,
Waylon Howell: doesn't tell you the type.
Joshua Graham: we ask you and yeah,
Waylon Howell: Huh. Wow.
Joshua Graham: for
Waylon Howell: I I love that you did this and you didn't try to guess or like do some other weird things like Yeah,
Joshua Graham: anything
William Ross: Yeah,
Waylon Howell: that's
William Ross: we were barely
Joshua Graham: for that to keep that simple,
Waylon Howell: smart.
Joshua Graham: but in the end it just it didn't make any sense because there's no way to know what people will name them.
 
 
00:43:18
 
William Ross: configur
Joshua Graham: HubSpot really doesn't give us any information about them at
Waylon Howell: Yeah, that's so fascinating.
Joshua Graham: all.
Waylon Howell: And like every portal's so different.
William Ross: that's that's we're going with here which is I mean I've worked with a few HubSpot portals and like you
Waylon Howell: Um,
Joshua Graham: Yeah.
William Ross: think that you would think they'd be similar because they're both HubSpot and they are like different
Waylon Howell: no. And I think that's more and more true the like larger the client.
William Ross: friend.
Waylon Howell: Um,
William Ross: Oh my gosh.
Waylon Howell: just because they have there's like obviously like the more you pay for HubSpot,
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: the more customization you have and generally speaking the longer you've kind of been in it.
William Ross: You know, um I had I had a a not a client,
Waylon Howell: um
William Ross: but I heard of a story where people used a pipeline per deal.
Waylon Howell: per deal. You're lying. That's
William Ross: No. And it was like because they were a new company.
 
 
00:44:05
 
Waylon Howell: crazy.
William Ross: Yeah. Well, because we'll just put one deal in the pipeline. I was like, this is disgusting.
Waylon Howell: That's crazy,
William Ross: I'm gonna throw up.
Waylon Howell: man.
William Ross: I was like, what? What?
Waylon Howell: That's funny.
William Ross: At least it's a quick
Waylon Howell: And let's see.
William Ross: win.
Waylon Howell: Ooh. H. Do I need to put a property in here to create a rule?
Joshua Graham: um you don't not for creating a rule particularly if you're not going to have it automatically send requests. So that will help surface them to you. The biggest loss then is there's no real way to ask them to do anything about it.
Waylon Howell: Mhm.
Joshua Graham: We don't know what we're asking them to do. What it would probably do is still send the request through to them and they'll have a button to go view the
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
Joshua Graham: deal in HubSpot.
Waylon Howell: Okay.
Joshua Graham: Tested that, William.
Waylon Howell: That that would be enough for this specific case.
 
 
00:45:17
 
Joshua Graham: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Um there's
Joshua Graham: So,
William Ross: Mhm.
Joshua Graham: in theory, you would send whatever the reason for a request is with that plus the the rule name.
Waylon Howell: just
Joshua Graham: So, they see that plus a whan has asked for an update thing. Psychologically, we like that when you click on a request for an update, it knows who you are and it tells them that it's you explicitly asking for them, not the system or funnel vision or anything like that. So, kind of we're trying to change a little bit of people behavior there. You tend to answer the question if your boss is asking for
Waylon Howell: Yeah,
William Ross: Yeah.
Joshua Graham: it.
Waylon Howell: I should have waited to click or review this until I clicked it. I'm just curious. I only clicked once. I'm just curious what uh if it's if it's just taking a while or what what we're going to see um because this would be nice cuz um and this is probably an US specific thing, but our BDR team um does like their their whole thing is meetings.
 
 
00:46:19
 
Waylon Howell: Um, and the way that we do their quote attainment is based on um, we track it off of the deal, but the thing that they work on is meetings. So, like the number one thing that I talk to them about is associating meetings to deals and making sure that those are correct. It's like if you set a demo and it's on a deal, like it has to be associated.
William Ross: Mhm.
Waylon Howell: Um, and that's kind of a it's one of the tougher things to to manage against because you know you got two objects and meetings in particular is kind of a pain in the ass. Um, and so like this property obviously the one I'm using to trigger this rule is a calculated property. It's a rollup, right? Um, which doesn't exist normally. And the outcome is like go get that meeting and associate it to a deal. Um, but there's no button for that, right? Um, but it would be enough in my case to because I do this anyway, right? It's just like saving me a little bit of typing, I guess.
 
 
00:47:14
 
Waylon Howell: Um, where it's like, oh yeah, here are the deals that are missing meetings. Like, every deal has to have a meeting. Like, if we're talking with these people, we got to have one. Um,
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: so I can just go send them out. I have a I have a follow-up question. Um, because actually, now that I've said this,
William Ross: Yes.
Joshua Graham: Yes.
Waylon Howell: it probably wouldn't work depending on um uh this key piece um which is ownership properties. Um, I assume that all of this is based on deal owner, right? Or just like the default ownership properties.
William Ross: Yes.
Waylon Howell: Um, this is probably like I don't know how common this will be. Uh, but we use one other custom ownership property for the BDRs specifically. Um, so that an account executive and a BDR can own the same deal without like, you know what I mean?
William Ross: Mhm.
Waylon Howell: Um because BDR sets it and kind of owns it until it like holds their meeting and gets like fully handed off and during that interim time both owners are there um you know both kind of watching the deal when it's in these early stages.
 
 
00:48:18
 
Waylon Howell: Um so the BDRs would be the ones who I'd notify hey there's no meeting associated here um like while it's in stage one or whatever and then the account executive kind of owns it throughout the rest of the sales cycle. Um, again, I think I don't know if this is like super common, so I don't know like where to put this on list of things to do. Um, but it it may come up where it's like, oo, I don't use the default deal owner property. I use this other one. Um, or some combination, you
Joshua Graham: Yeah,
Waylon Howell: know.
Joshua Graham: that's something we'd probably have to take a look at because at the moment it all is all based on the deal owner. They get the
Waylon Howell: Mhm.
Joshua Graham: notifications.
Waylon Howell: Which for like 90 plus% of cases is probably exactly right. Um, and I I like I said,
William Ross: Mhm.
Waylon Howell: I don't know how common it is for people to do this. Um, it's just something that we specifically do.
 
 
00:49:06
 
William Ross: Interesting.
Waylon Howell: So,
William Ross: Probably because you have more Yeah, it makes sense. Yeah, because you probably got a nice um more advanced HubSpot setup to do
Waylon Howell: yeah. Um,
William Ross: that.
Waylon Howell: and I don't know, it's it's at least for me, like I because it's interesting early on I was kind of resistant to this like dual ownership thing because it it does complicate um the sort of like it complicates things, right? Because there's like another kind of owner property. Um, but I think it's worth it.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Um cuz the alternative is like only one person gets like all of these like
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: um direct notifications about what's happening to the deal.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Um and it's just not true that one person owns this thing the entirety of its life cycle.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: So we ended up doing it actually not just on deals,
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: we do it on companies too. Um so that account executives and BDRs can both be prospecting like together like as a team on the same company.
 
 
00:50:04
 
Waylon Howell: um without like having this weird instance where one of them has to work on something without owning it and like without having access to all the upside of being an owner.
Joshua Graham: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Um
Joshua Graham: So in that case, if you've got two of them,
Waylon Howell: but
Joshua Graham: how would you know looking at a deal who is the responsible person at that stage based off the stage
William Ross: Interesting.
Waylon Howell: Mhm.
Joshua Graham: and who it is
Waylon Howell: Yeah. So it's it's based on um in our case it's based on a couple of uh properties on the deal
Joshua Graham: or
Waylon Howell: like very specifically uh our deal pipeline starts at demo scheduled right so we put you on the calendar and we create a deal um and the BDR owns it at that point along with whatever account executive but it's mostly the BDR's deal at that point um so the deal owner would be the AE let's say that's me so the deal owner is Wayan and then the BDR is William Um, and then once that meeting sits and holds, so they show up, we have a conversation, it goes well or it doesn't, um, then the meeting goes completed and then that updates the deal and says, "Yep, we've had our first sales meeting." And that that trigger right there,
 
 
00:51:10
 
Waylon Howell: the like, "Yes, we had our first completed sales meeting on this deal." Um, that's what gives the BDRs quota. Um, is like that deal reaching at least that stage of like, "Yes, we got them to the table. We've had this first conversation." Um, and whether or not that ends up closing, like the BDR has kind of like done their job up to that point. Um, and they stay on the deal in case they need to, you know, in case they start ghosting us and we need to kind of re-engage them or,
Joshua Graham: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: um, you know, they also like to see how their deals do um because they they get bonuses if they if they close and stuff like this.
William Ross: But but in all cases is it that the AE is the deal owner from the
Waylon Howell: But Yep.
William Ross: HubSpot internal property and it's only the custom one used for the
Waylon Howell: Yes.
William Ross: BDR.
Waylon Howell: Mhm. And it's called BDR owner, right? Um,
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: so like those things are like clearly distinct from each other.
 
 
00:51:56
 
Waylon Howell: Um, and again, I don't know how common this kind of thing is. So like it would not it would not offend me at all if this
Joshua Graham: No, but it does play into some of the other pieces that we have been looking at is how to allow for notifications
Waylon Howell: is
Joshua Graham: to go to more than just the deal owner. So possibly channels or teams channels if you want to notify everybody when this particular thing
William Ross: Yeah,
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
Joshua Graham: happens
William Ross: one envision I have like a mini deal room you could create on like if a specific hygiene issues created,
Joshua Graham: else
William Ross: you could like put certain people in like a channel together and be like solve this
Waylon Howell: Oh yeah,
William Ross: issue.
Waylon Howell: like here's a common problem among these users.
William Ross: Yeah. Or if it's like Yeah.
Waylon Howell: That's interesting.
William Ross: Especially if you want like an engineer involved,
Joshua Graham: yeah agreed and I
William Ross: it's like, hey, here's a problem. Get them.
Joshua Graham: hadn't considered using it from that stage but one thing that we do have access to is Having a list of all the people who are associated with the deal from HubSpot, we can then start to look at potentially sending all the messages or something like that.
 
 
00:52:47
 
Joshua Graham: That's what we were looking at is how to deal with things like that because I'm assuming there going to be a lot of cases where actually there are more than one person
Waylon Howell: Yeah. And I and I guess ours may be unique,
Joshua Graham: responsible.
Waylon Howell: but one that you will run into, I guess, more often is deal splits and collaborators. Um,
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: that will probably come up.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: We don't do deal splits. Um,
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: but those can be pretty complicated and convoluted. Um,
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: and like that's basically just dual ownership or or I guess there could be more than two, but um it's the same kind of thing where it's like, hey, you own 40% of this deal and it's got some sort of risk factor. Um, so like do you get a notification? You know what I mean? Um,
Joshua Graham: Yeah. And again,
Waylon Howell: same collaborator.
Joshua Graham: it's finding that balance between allowing for that sort of thing so that you can send it to more than one person,
 
 
00:53:26
 
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
Joshua Graham: but also not making it so difficult to figure out who's getting the messages that nobody knows how to create the
Waylon Howell: Yep. Yep. I think it's one of those things where it's like um I don't know it's again
Joshua Graham: rules.
Waylon Howell: it's kind of like it's it's just my experience so it's like I I often wonder if I'm if my takes are like broadly applicable. They may not be.
Joshua Graham: We can let you
Waylon Howell: Um but yeah I yeah I'm really curious because like you I mean it's
Joshua Graham: know.
Waylon Howell: it's I'm in my bubble, right? So um I'm acutely aware of how much out there is not in that bubble. Um but
Joshua Graham: No,
William Ross: The only way I can think of is if you had like an option like the default was like send to deal owner and then there was like an option like
Waylon Howell: uh
Joshua Graham: but
William Ross: send to and then a drop down of like custom if they have like because as long as the field is like
 
 
00:54:10
 
Waylon Howell: yeah.
William Ross: owner related like like like hotspot user related to Microsoft user I guess for teams
Waylon Howell: Yeah. And you mentioned before that HubSpot doesn't tell you the type of the property.
William Ross: like
Waylon Howell: um which is important but it
Joshua Graham: That's for custom properties and rollups. So all the normal HubSpot ones, it tells us all of that.
Waylon Howell: does so you'd be able to see in an account like how many user properties they have cuz those can be like those are like their own
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: special thing right and then further like beyond that um this is sort of new and I
William Ross: Yeah.
Joshua Graham: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: don't think we do this anywhere but you can now have owner properties that allow for multiple owners um so that
Joshua Graham: Yeah. Which we do have access to. That's one of the things we were looking at is first off associated users but also multiple deal owners and
Waylon Howell: Yeah,
Joshua Graham: that side of things.
Waylon Howell: we only use that custom
 
 
00:55:01
 
Joshua Graham: I I was kind of almost like a CC option.
Waylon Howell: objects.
Joshua Graham: So you could say this person on the deal or all persons who are owners or all associated users or various ways of doing it like that.
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
Joshua Graham: The reality is whether you're the only one doing it or not,
Waylon Howell: Yeah. Yeah.
Joshua Graham: good ideas are good ideas and we are looking at trying to improve this human behavior more than anything
Waylon Howell: Um
Joshua Graham: else.
William Ross: Yeah.
Joshua Graham: So the more of those things we can encourage and enable then the
William Ross: Yeah. And also the quicker you're in on this,
Joshua Graham: better.
William Ross: the more important the more your opinion is valued.
Joshua Graham: You get to decide how it
William Ross: You get Exactly.
Waylon Howell: Yeah. Hey,
Joshua Graham: works
Waylon Howell: I'm looking at it the wrong way,
William Ross: Because if
Waylon Howell: right? Like, let's just build it in my own image and force everyone else.
William Ross: Yeah. Exactly.
Joshua Graham: to an extent.
 
 
00:55:40
 
William Ross: If the 10,000 customers selling us something,
Waylon Howell: Yeah,
William Ross: we're going to go,
Joshua Graham: Absolutely.
William Ross: "Nah, you don't." But one of the first few, yeah, so
Joshua Graham: It's the upside and downside of working with new products.
Waylon Howell: that's funny.
Joshua Graham: Yes, there's going to be bugs.
William Ross: Also,
Joshua Graham: We can guarantee you that you're going to run into some issues. But also, we're here to fix them and help you get the stuff that you need to make real value out of
Waylon Howell: It doesn't look like my role
William Ross: apolog I I have I have a an awkward very hard stop in four because uh my my my wife
Joshua Graham: this.
Waylon Howell: created.
William Ross: is pacing up and down because we have our dinner reservation.
Waylon Howell: Oh yeah,
William Ross: Uh we're doing we're doing Chinese New Year.
Waylon Howell: that's totally fine.
William Ross: She's from Ecuador, but we do do Chinese New Year because she likes Chinese food.
Waylon Howell: Cool.
William Ross: So,
Joshua Graham: That's fair.
Waylon Howell: Year of the You're the horse, I think,
 
 
00:56:20
 
William Ross: yeah. Yeah, you're of the horse.
Waylon Howell: right?
William Ross: Neither of us are the horse that we just if we get her family around it because her family just love an excuse to go out and eat. So, we're like, okay,
Waylon Howell: Mhm.
William Ross: we'll just book a dim sum for for um I don't know if you guys ever done it. It is a very fun.
Waylon Howell: I gotta try
William Ross: It's so good.
Waylon Howell: it.
William Ross: So, I was going to say so few few next steps. I was going to say so we'll get the link to your team's admin and we'll get that downloadable sorted. Um we'll amend the free trial.
Waylon Howell: Cool.
William Ross: Make sure it's longer than a week, Josh. Right.
Joshua Graham: Yeah,
William Ross: So just
Joshua Graham: I'll do that straight after the call. Way I'll probably send you the link on Monday for your team's
Waylon Howell: Sounds great. No,
William Ross: yeah and yeah I was going to say I would love to get maybe I'll I'll pop like a very
 
 
00:56:53
 
Waylon Howell: no rush on my end.
Joshua Graham: admin.
William Ross: flexible place in for a couple weeks just to get like a catch up and if obviously anything that comes up just email LinkedIn I can give you my WhatsApp just just ping us if you have a question or if you're trying to build something that's not
Waylon Howell: Perfect.
William Ross: working just or I can put us in a team I don't know how to put a teams channel together but
Joshua Graham: do that. Or if you're on WhatsApp, we could do a WhatsApp group or
William Ross: WhatsApp group whatever is easiest.
Waylon Howell: I I also have a Slack that I It's not my like official business Slack,
Joshua Graham: something.
William Ross: Hey.
Waylon Howell: I guess, but I do I do have a Slack that I that I use pretty regularly if you wanted to connect that way, too. So,
William Ross: Okay. Let's pop.
Waylon Howell: um yeah,
William Ross: We're let me know the best thing to put in Slack and I can um I'll put that together for
Waylon Howell: I guess let me see.
 
 
00:57:32
 
William Ross: us.
Waylon Howell: Um, what do I need to what do I need to show you to do that? I because it's like can I don't actually know how do
William Ross: See
Joshua Graham: I think for Slack to do an external connection,
Waylon Howell: I
Joshua Graham: you probably have to have a pro account.
Waylon Howell: I didn't think so.
Joshua Graham: I think that's a recent change.
Waylon Howell: Can I Oh,
Joshua Graham: I had to upgrade ours new
Waylon Howell: really?
William Ross: uh actually I don't know if I can just What's the email associated to the Slack?
Joshua Graham: client.
Waylon Howell: Uh,
William Ross: Hang just email you.
Waylon Howell: it's this.
William Ross: I'm going to put two Joshua in because you have two slacks in
Waylon Howell: I think that's it.
William Ross: ours.
Waylon Howell: Let me make
Joshua Graham: Yes,
Waylon Howell: sure.
Joshua Graham: I have way too many accounts. I know.
William Ross: Yeah. All right. I'm I just sent an invite and I'm going to hope that that works. Send. Right.
 
 
00:58:38
 
William Ross: Well, hopefully that works. If it doesn't work, we can
Waylon Howell: Oh man, I almost missed that notification
William Ross: Oh,
Waylon Howell: sound
William Ross: don't do you know. Yeah, I have this whenever I hear it and I'm always like, is it for me? Is it for me?
Waylon Howell: like Twitch. Could be worse. Could be the team's
William Ross: Oh, I know.
Waylon Howell: one.
William Ross: Although I remember when I joined government, I had we had Skype for Business before Teams and that was disgusting. That was nasty. That that ding that dialing sound. Oh.
Joshua Graham: To this day, the Skype dial ringing sound makes me feel a little bit queasy. I'll hear it in a TV show or something like that and I just moment of panic attack.
Waylon Howell: Oh yeah, dude. I know exactly what you mean. Oh, there we go. William invited me to work,
William Ross: Hey,
Waylon Howell: too.
William Ross: hopefully that works.
Waylon Howell: I was a little worried I wouldn't I wouldn't be logged into my
 
 
00:59:31
 
William Ross: Let me
Waylon Howell: uh my email, but worked out. Um, so this is a random segue. Are you guys in the Sprocketeer Slack channel?
William Ross: Uh Brock is here.
Waylon Howell: Is that all? Um,
William Ross: No.
Waylon Howell: I'll send I'll send you an invite. Um, you got to promise to be to be cool though. Uh,
William Ross: Oh.
Joshua Graham: We
Waylon Howell: so it's it's um it's just a it's it's a Slack community that's just full of HubSpot admins.
Joshua Graham: got
Waylon Howell: Um, and it's it's primarily the folks who go to the HubSpot admin hug every week and like, you know, look at new features and products and stuff. Um, I mention it because uh you may find people here who are asking questions that
Joshua Graham: a
Waylon Howell: interest you. Um, there's a channel where you could promote your stuff.
William Ross: Oh,
Waylon Howell: Um,
William Ross: amazing.
Waylon Howell: and there's a lot of exposure to folks like me who are just like in HubSpot every day. Um,
 
 
01:00:33
 
William Ross: That's amazing.
Waylon Howell: so I think it'd be worthwhile. But,
William Ross: Happy.
Joshua Graham: Fantastic.
Waylon Howell: um, I guess, you know, like I said, just don't uh don't go spamming every channel, I guess.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: But I I trust I trust that you wouldn't do
William Ross: Yeah. No, I'm far too introverted for that.
Waylon Howell: that.
William Ross: Don't
Waylon Howell: Let me grab you a link because I do I do it's nice in here.
William Ross: worry.
Waylon Howell: Um, and you'll occasionally see me and others asking and answering questions. Um, and it is all HubSpot. So, I think this is really there's going to be something valuable in here. I
William Ross: Even I have too many emails. I don't know which one my slack's associated to.
Joshua Graham: That's always the fun part when I want to log into a workspace I haven't been in for a while and trying to remember which email address it was.
Waylon Howell: out.
William Ross: Yeah.
Waylon Howell: Welcome, William.
William Ross: Am I
Waylon Howell: You're in.
 
 
01:01:22
 
Joshua Graham: Very
William Ross: in?
Waylon Howell: It's a free one, so there's not a ton of message history, but you you quickly get an understanding of what's going on in there. Um,
William Ross: Awesome.
Waylon Howell: and if you're ever ready to pitch your pitch your product to the admin audience, um, the promote your stuff channel is the place to do it.
William Ross: Awesome.
Joshua Graham: nice.
Waylon Howell: Um, dude, where did it what? Why did it email me there?
Joshua Graham: Doesn't matter what time of day, there's always a chicken standing outside my window waiting for food.
Waylon Howell: Okay. Okay, there we go. Oh, I do have to I do have to be on a paid plan to do it losers.
Joshua Graham: I thought that might be the case. I think they changed recently.
Waylon Howell: And yeah, I was like I I literally have like Slack messages in my history of me talking with former colleagues at other places.
Joshua Graham: Yeah, I used to have quite a few and I just signed a new client the other day who uses Slack and I thought that'll be perfect.
 
 
01:03:10
 
Waylon Howell: But I guess
Joshua Graham: We'll just set that up and then it tells me you have to upgrade.
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
Joshua Graham: Oh,
Waylon Howell: Damn.
Joshua Graham: okay.
Waylon Howell: Come on, man.
Joshua Graham: Um,
Waylon Howell: I know.
Joshua Graham: obviously we can do whatever works best for you. on
William Ross: Yeah,
Waylon Howell: I guess we can do email or
William Ross: email works. Yeah,
Waylon Howell: whatever.
William Ross: happy days.
Joshua Graham: WhatsApp.
William Ross: The old f. Well, I'll pop I'll pop a place hold again. We'll keep it flexible and uh get everything all sorted. I know Josh will sort things on on Monday.
Waylon Howell: Yeah.
William Ross: But yeah, cannot wait to see what you're going to break and figure out.
Waylon Howell: Yeah. This will be this will be fun. Um,
Joshua Graham: Obviously,
Waylon Howell: thank you so much.
William Ross: Yeah.
Joshua Graham: you break anything. No,
Waylon Howell: I apologize.
William Ross: Yeah,
Joshua Graham: I'll fix it.
William Ross: absolutely. But yeah, genuinely like please have a go. Let us know what you think. More more feedback for us the better. So,
Waylon Howell: Cool.
William Ross: so yeah, and uh really thank you for the time and most important I hope you get better off that cold. Enjoy the weekend and the quiet week ahead. And I never thought I would ever say this, but go USA for the ice hockey.
Waylon Howell: Yeah, we'll see. I got a big hockey game today, so
William Ross: It's going to be like 8:00 PM my time.
Waylon Howell: um
William Ross: So, dinner and ice hockey. What a way to end. They start the weekend.
Waylon Howell: hell yeah, it'll be a good one.
William Ross: Yeah.
 
 
Transcription ended after 01:06:31


This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.