Meeting Title: Gabby Ziolkowska and FunnelVision
Date: Mar 23
Meeting participants: Gabby Ziolkowska


Transcript:
 
Them: Good morning, William. How are you doing?  
Me: Good morning. Gabby. How are you?  
Them: I'm good alive and kicking.  
Me: I can't ask for any more than that, surely, can you?  
Them: Not really. A Monday morning that's you're already winning. If you're alive and kicking, you're already winning.  
Me: Yeah, I don't know, but if I struggle this morning, I don't know, I think, yeah, there's something about this morning. I was like, no, this is gonna be a tough week. This is gonna be a long one.  
Them: I know you have to stick to the positive way of thinking. Otherwise you're losing before you actually start even running.  
Me: You know what? We need more. We need more Gabby's in the world then. I need more. I need to work more with people like yourself that make me feel better.  
Them: Yeah. William, who knows? Who knows? Maybe our paths will cross one day.  
Me: Absolutely. Absolutely. I'd be honored if that was that is the case. But, you know, really great for you to take the time to have a chat myself on a Monday morning. I don't know what went through your head that you thought, oh yeah, this Monday morning, I'll chat to this random.  
Them: You know what? Like we are getting into the end of the quarter. And one of your colleagues, I can't remember.  
Me: It must be Greg.  
Them: Yeah, yeah, he like, I got a random message from him on LinkedIn a couple of weeks ago. And in fairness, I did ignore him for a while. It was just yourself. You're getting thousands of those messages throughout like the quarter. So, but I thought like, oh, look, we'll give it a shot. We will see what the guys are cooking and maybe I can pitch into it, add something, ask questions, poke here and there to see what's, what's, what's there. And yeah, why not Monday morning?  
Me: Absolutely. Yeah, no, absolutely. And this is just, yeah, I would love to get honest to your thoughts, feedback, comments and be as candid, transparent, brutal as you wish.  
Them: You know.  
Me: Yeah, I mean, I always like to specify that. The more honest you can be, the better for us. So if you happy for you to just go, this is rubbish guys, what the heck are you guys doing? Nothing about yourself. I'm like, what was all I know you're doing rev ups? So like, what's the kind of role within that? Because the reason I asked that is because I know revs can be a very broad function and often gets bucketed as like everything and anything from marketing up to sales ops to finance up. So like what is it you kind of get up to mostly?  
Them: To be honest mainly, like 80, 80%, it's pretty much whatever, whatever wind blows my way. This is what I'm dealing with. So anything from the GTM strategy, the tech, the tools that we're using, our revenue team is using putting the processes in place, forecasting sales, lead allocation, lead management, data uploads, you name it. I do it, you know, so whatever it's doing, especially in our, in the rev ops market and remit and day-to-day operations, as much as we would love to be proactive majority of our work is reactive, especially in the smaller environments, you still have to stay agile. You still have to allow reps to be flexible. You still have to put the processes and validation in place. But not to block their freedom. So I call it controlled freedom. So whatever they do, it's the control. So it's like big sister is still watching no matter what you do. I still know that you're doing something good. You're not doing something. And they, I'm more interested about what they're not doing. Than doing. Because if they're doing, we see the results. I want to see what they're not doing and what they should do. What they supposed to be doing. So, so to be honest, in the short answer, pretty much whatever standard rev ops does, but taking into consideration my terrain, you're in social talent. I started working with them both 11 years ago. So I do have that extra experience and, you know, the knowledge of where the bodies are, what we've done in the past didn't work. How, what is the logic? How do business functions? What, what was our plan? What are our strategy for next year, five years ahead and stuff like that? So that kind of extra knowledge and experience gives me that, you know, more broader view of where we are going, what, what, what we supposed to be doing and what rev ops, how rev ops chipping into that, into that picture. And what, like, what's needed from my site to make sure that this strategy is executed and at the end we are successful.  
Me: Yeah, that's honestly it's awesome because it's wonderful to people that are managing to kind of enable rev ops to be a more strategic function rather than just this constant like, you know manual chasing approach and it seems like you've got a really good handle on, you know what needs done, how it needs done that historical context is something that's often missing in revolts because often people just get plopped into a role and suddenly they're like what the heck needs to what's going on? Here?  
Them: Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: I was gonna ask how is the kind of the sales ops coming along like regarding like the admin side of that or the pipeline hygiene because that's something obviously we tackle specifically so like how is that enforced or not enforced?  
Them: So whenever, whenever we are, we're changing something or whenever I put the process in place, either we revamp what we already have, we tune in based on the changes that we are making to the sales process or product or ICP. I always try to make sure it's as simple as possible because if it's not simple, it's, it's adding extra complexity complexity. It adds extra layers and whatever it's not easy and whatever people sales reps, for example, don't understand. If they don't understand why something is getting changed, why, why we're implementing something, they just don't follow. It doesn't matter what kind of you want, what kind of, you know, rules you put it upfront to them. What, what you're asking them to do, they just won't do it. So when it comes to the pipeline hygiene and everything else, I manage by the exception. So there is a standard process. There are certain things that have to be done and there, there, there's a bare minimum that has to be done when you're, when the leads are getting hand over to you, you have SLA, you have to, if it's, if it's a high intent lead, you have SLA, you have 24 hours to reach out because the, the, the original reach out is crucial. I don't want to see automated messages. I don't want to see templates. You do research, you send that out. If, if you want to use templates, you're not for us. Like anybody can use a template. The outreach on big scale is, is walk in the park at the moment with all the tools that you can, you have, you have access to. I don't want to see templates. You put the time and effort in because the lead, the inbound leads, high intent inbound leads are like gold dose at the moment. Full stop. So pretty much on manage by the exception. If somebody got the in high intent leader sign, then reach out. It sends me flags straight away within two hours that delete what wasn't, wasn't contacted. So I know about it. Marjorie knows about it. Sales rep knows about it and there are consequences if you don't do that. The lead is just getting taken off you and somebody else is getting dandy. So on I stick to that as well. Like you have to stick to those consequences and make sure that they have some kind of consequences. Otherwise they just won't appreciate, won't respect. And I know it sounds brutal. And William, I'm, I'm very black and white person, but, but it is like at the moment, like we are, we are living in that world where if you don't react to something that's coming in, you're losing. So, so when it comes to leads, sales and pipeline hygiene, that's also managed by the exception. So they are, let's say you have the sales process, you have the stages, you have the exit criterias, you have the bare minimum of the information that has to happen and has to be included in each stage on the opportunity. If it's against the medic, you know, methodology or if it's, you know, who is on the buying panel information about that, the band section as well, there are certain things that just have to happen. And if they are not there at certain stage at certain time, we just get notification, the opportunity is added to them to the exception dashboard and summary of the exception dashboard is sent out to the man to the sea level and senior leadership team once a week. So they have to stay on the top of that. The goal of the exception dashboard when it comes to the pipeline hygiene is to keep the dashboards blank. If the, if the dashboard is not blank and your name is on it, you're not doing something.  
Me: Yeah makes sense and how. And so do you have any how much your time if any is kind of dedicated to making sure that all the deals have the right information or chasing the reps to make sure that they fill in the information that's required or if like the logo goes stale for example or if it's passed as close to it like how is that kind of measured and monitored?  
Them: Established the actual exception dashboard, what's on it, what are the rules once you explain to them again, depending on the company, we don't deal with the volume of the of the leads. We don't have, I'm talking about the inbound leads. When it comes to the pipeline as well, we are now talking about a huge volume of opportunities. They have fewer opportunities to close within the quarter, but they are much bigger. So the value of those deals is much, much higher. So again, it's much easier for them to manage those ops to keep them updated because they don't deal with the volume. I, to be honest, at this stage, at the beginning, yes, you check that every, pretty much every second, every third day, what are the changes? What change based on the conversations, based on the activity on the, on the opportunity. But once you do that, once you establish the process at the beginning, it takes less and less time unless there is a new wave of sales reps that are coming in. You have to teach them, you have to walk, walk them through. And again, first couple of months are the trickiest months when they are taking the pipeline. But at the like week on week, I would say if I'm spending. Three, four hours on the pipeline overall to just to cross check and check what sales reps are putting in, that's max. But again, we don't have the volume of the ups. We don't have the volume of the sales reps at the moment and the sales process is much longer. We are dealing with enterprise clients. So our sales process on those apps is anything between 182, sometimes even 250 days. So it is quite long, long sales process.  
Me: That makes that makes a lot of sense and I imagine then that you can put more a lot more attention to detail on each rep per their account that they want because then it's yeah I've always like if you if you if you're only assigned a couple deals in your hygiene's bad there's something else that's wrong so you don't know it's not your build.  
Them: Yeah, no, it really, like William, it really depends. Like if you have only, let's say, if you have transitioned between new business and then account managers, as in like you have, you have the actual the chaser, the ones who are closing new business and then they are handing over the accounts to the account manager team or account management team or CS, they. Obviously, you know, they will have new pipeline coming in all the time and then the others will have to renewals and expansions where in our case, if you broaden the new deal, if you're a new account, new logo, you are imagining that account, you, you stay as the account owner for, for the duration of the contract. So there is no handovers between the account address and new business. So that's like, that's why they also have to make sure that the information they are putting in, they're going to live with that. They're going to, they're going to use that going forward. So want to make sure that they do the best job.  
Me: Very tangential but I'd love to dig into that a little bit so can I ask about a couple questions which is just curious forget funnel forget that when you when you're hiring the sales guys do you try and find people to experience across that stack of like not just the sales but then also the CS side and then the kind of management like an a plus in account manager kind of blended into one.  
Them: Yeah. Like, ideally, if we can, depending on what role we are recruiting for, ideally, if they have that extra customer success experience, it's crucial because you know what one thing is winning the deal and bringing over the line. And the second thing is to keep that, you know, the client happy throughout the contract, keep them engaged, make sure that the onboarding was done properly. Make sure that you talk throughout the QBOs and viewers that you have with them. You, you talk to the actual problem. You're enhancing their experience. You're adding the value. You're constantly adding the value. And not every sales rep can do that. You have the hunters who don't care about the relationship. They just want to close the contract, bring it, bring it, leave it at the door and then just go off and chase another one. So it's crucial for us to make sure that they do have those skills. They do have that relationship skills and they are willing to learn as well because our product is quite niche as well. So if they don't have, if they are not willing to learn, if they're not willing to discover what are the problems, what are the pains, what are the goals of the clients? If they're not willing to do that, then yeah,  
Me: I've never seen a row like that but it actually makes a lot of sense because I mean. Again like it's off topic but just almost there back up the point you're making there it just I've run go to markets across many B2B status companies usually vc back from series ABC. And part of this we built Funnelvision was there was this big gap between the. Like let's call them rev ops or CSI and then your classic as you would say like your hunters you're outbound people because there was no incentive limit because as you say there was no incentive for these guys to fill in the data because they didn't care. There wasn't it was someone else's problem but then also no one had a go at them because they were just a sales guys like you didn't want them to do it because you wanted them to keep selling keep cold calling keep selling.  
Them: Exactly.  
Me: And so there was this huge like void in the middle where it was like people that care about the data and people are responsible for inputting the data were two completely separate entities. And revolution access that bridge but the problem is if revolts becomes that bridge it ends up becoming a very much just a manual chasing job chase the reps chase the reps to fill in data chased it out to throw the data.  
Them: Yeah. See, another thing as well, and it's like they weren't quite happy when that was introduced a while ago. Like the pipeline hygiene is the part of their commission. So if you're a flag.  
Me: Base you nailed this because I have heard so people trying to and they can't quantify it they can't do it.  
Them: Look, you have to put the price tag on it. Like it means a lot to the business overall. And if you're working, if you're working in the operations team, you have to look at the bigger picture. It's not all revenue, yes, but then it's a future as well. If you, if you want to do successful, you know, win back campaign, if you don't have information why they came to you in the first place, how you want to do a campaign down the line. So again, it all goes back to the basic what business needs, not only the revenue, but the overall strategy.  
Me: Because it goes back to it because things are they don't happen by accident right so the classic example I've had I've had I've heard a few people where they're like sales directors got fired because they're forecasting was so was was off not because they're bad at their job because the data was just so bad that the forecasts were so bad. But where does the data come from?  
Them: Yeah. From sales rep.  
Me: Sales drives? So like it comes down the line where if you don't have everyone bought into the same vision do you know let's become a reverse sales call because I'm like this is great I love what you're doing honest I don't know how you've managed to execute on this but what a job.  
Them: It's, it all traps. In. But, but, but you know, I think for me, I love what I do. I absolutely love what I do. I love my job. I love my responsibilities. I love companies that I'm working for. And if you're investing yourself, if you, if you're truly passionate about something, you will find a way. It's just going to find a way. And the good thing is as well that I'm not, I'm, when we are adding, you know, changes or improvements to, to what we do, how we do it, I always try to explain to them, hey, like it's going to, it's going to come back and bite you in the air sooner or later. If you don't, if we don't, we don't operate with the volume. If you can't nail down five apps that you have in the quarter, how the fuck my language, how do you want to, how do you want, how are you going to do it on the, on the bigger scale? If you're going to go somewhere, if, let's say, if you're going to finish up with SocialTale and you're going to go somewhere else into the vegan environment and you're dealing with the volume and you still have to do that, if you, if you can master that, master that on five apps that you have to close within the month or quarter, how you want to do that on a bigger scale, it's just not.  
Me: Like site 40 50 deals are assigned to them.  
Them: Exactly. So, so like it's, it's, it's going to like, it's going to come back and bite you in the bomb sooner or later. So please stick to what I'm asking you to do. So, surely there, we are doing that in batches. And then once you clear your first quarter, your second quarter, then, then it's going to be automatic because the ops that are not updated, something that it's lacking, some information that they're missing, I flag to you as, as on the exception dashboard and make sure that's done. That's the bare minimum. And then when you're, when we are doing the forecast call, when we're, when I'm deep diving into information that you're putting in, because I also do my research research, I also check the emails. I check the activity, I check the calls and, and then based on the commit on the forecast commit, I can see the ops that you're committing. And then I would, I will do the deep dive into that. I will ask you questions. I will ask you awkward question. I will ask you questions why you didn't include the information that should be included. Like this.  
Me: And it's.  
Them: You're not going to hide. So be honest, if something is, is lacking, if something is falling off the cliff, tell us now, because it's going to come out.  
Me: Yeah absolutely and you've done an amazing job I think that I think that to sum it up it's probably that visibility piece right so nothing falls through the gram.  
Them: Big time. Like visibility is one thing William does. Like any rev up will kill for like, like.  
Me: Yeah and the problem is sometimes you get visibility but they don't know because people just keep making dashboards and it's like if you're getting visibility on bad data or even worse visibility on data that's not live because for example a lot of times the data in your CRM is a week behind because it's all happening in slack or email or things or transcripts or like you're looking at data that's in the past well you're not. That's not reflective of your current.  
Them: And you know what with the tools that we have access to right now, it's so, so, so much easier to spot. I'm talking about the AR in general. It's so much easier to spot a bad work, bad quality work, bad work, missing information, like something that was taking me so much more time a couple of years ago. It takes me a couple of hours. And I know the entire, like, I can see the update on entire fiscal year because, because, you know, you're getting to the stage where it's couple of clicks, you have prompts already built, you have everything saved and you're just, you're running, you're running through AI. But like sometimes sales reps think that they're going to cheat the system or, you know, beat the system by pretty much copying and pasting the same information across the board a couple of apps. Like, you know, the tree wise, why us, why now and why our product. And they think that it's not going to be like, I won't find out like I will find this like and trust me, once you land on that on those bad books, it's so much harder to get off it. So don't put yourself in the position where you lied. I ask you a question. You've lied and more. You try to treat the system. Like I will find you.  
Me: It's that class of trust is trust is naturally given but when it's broken it's very hard to get back very hard.  
Them: Very, very hard.  
Me: And they didn't even have that visibility in the counter I think visibility and accountability because accountability comes from like the commission that you that you've portioned to have as well so it's like well yeah if you don't do it not getting your bonus though great.  
Them: It's literally, it's, it's, it's a percentage. Like if you can afford that, you know, 10%, 15% of your commission because you didn't update the, the pipeline and your name was called out and published three times on the exception dashboard without a valid reason. You were just lazy. Well, say goodbye to people of your commission. And simple as that. And yeah, they are the comp plans. We, we've signed it and you've signed it as well. Like we need some kind of consequence. It's got to, because otherwise I would be just knocking on your door and.  
Me: Ups because at the end of the day if revops with rev ups without that authority end up in a sense by becoming. A how do you explain it like a mourner almost you just moan because you don't actually have the authority if you can actually tie it to value and authority like that's where you get leverage and where you get power right because it's.  
Them: Yeah. And I, you know what? Well, I think from my perspective sales managers and sales leader who are not leveraging rev ops and their position and, you know, and their place in the org are losing so much because we can be used and we should be used as a leverage. Like we are not, yes, we are working with the sales reps. Yes, we are working with the sales managers, but we can be also the bad guys. The bad guys who are chasing. So the sales managers and sales reps can still maintain a good relationship because it's us who are chasing that chasing the pipeline. It's also a chasing the hygiene. It's also are chasing the forecast. So at the end of the day, you know, push the blame on rev ops. They have to get it done. But also give them the authority to call the shop.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: And once they have the authority to call the shots, like.  
Me: I mean fortunate in the sense of I've had both a various sales and very revolts role and even even when I was in the sales role I've always thought. Rev ups need to have a very strategic role or like a very strategic role in an organization where they can actually have like an oversight because they should be there if executed well and it seems like you have they should be there to support everyone and not just support but like. Cool support all functions of department like when sales guys hear from rev ops it should be a you're you're doing me a favor thank you because you can help with like ICP refinement or improvements or this or that it's whereas with the problem is when you don't have the visibility the accountability or the authority I've seen rev ups just become a fill in this fill in this fill in this in the sales guys are like I don't want to hear from these guys they're so annoying.  
Them: Yeah, yeah, yeah.  
Me: It's rubbish and it's because it's because you say it's because if you could rip up the playbook start from scratch you wouldn't a lot of companies would wouldn't do rev up somebody they currently do rev ups right.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So like you're right, I think that in general operation team can be leveraged in such a good and positive way by any leader within the revenue organizations, but they have to realize how much like what they can do, what they should be able to do and to make sure that they hire right people for the job because, you know, at this stage I see loads of people labeling them, labeling themselves rev ups, you know, sales ops. And at the end of the day, like you're just a yes taker, you're going to build annual reports that they're going to ask to build. You're going to build dashboards. You're going to build whatever they want to see. And at the end of the day, nobody is using them. Nobody's using them. You, you can't, you've no leverage to push back. You've not, you've no, you've no knowledge about what you're showing, how to explain to them, how to tell them to read the dashboard, what information and sometimes push back and say this is, this doesn't make sense to build because we don't have the right information. We are comparing pears and apples. Like.  
Me: Yeah, no, absolutely and also say go back to it it's not a valuable use of our time because rev ops is should not be seen as a function that's like they just do everything on the time because they know time's valuable there's lots of things we could be doing but if you're asking so can you tell me a bit more about social talent? What do you guys do about apart from my LinkedIn little search that's that's all I've got in.  
Them: We train recruiters and hiring managers. So what we do is we have the online platform that is a combination of video short clips, short videos, and they're built into learning paths. So you're learning that might be, you know, a couple of hours and includes the how to recruit for the technical roles like sales roles and sales organizations or manufacturing, whatever it is, then what pretty much what questions to ask, what questions are to ask. And it's a deep dive into actual recruiting process. So you will find materials for juniors, for somebody who is transitioning into recruiting, somebody who already has five, you know, 10 years experience and people who are veterans when it comes to the actual recruiting, but also hiring managers because there's more and more interview interviews recruiting processes managed by the hiring managers. And that's the crew that it's crucial to make sure that recruiting processes are running smoothly, that the candidates are, you know, respected, their time is respected, they're informed well because everybody has is entitled to good, good positive, you know, recruiting experience when they are talking to the new potential employer. So, so that's what we do. It's all online. It's all in on the platform. On our platform. We have quizzes, learning paths. And now we launched the AI product as well, which is interview intelligence, which is called car. And it's a kind of co-pilot that sits on during the interview captures the notes from the from the interview and through other bits and pieces. So I know we mainly work with tier one, tier two clients or big enterprises, lego, you know, Ikea, Oracle.  
Me: I was gonna say that makes sense and why the these sales guys will have a few accounts and then just try.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: And man.  
Them: They are big accounts. They're the sales process is a little bit longer because when you're, when you're selling to enterprise, you're not talking about, you know, five, ten licenses. You're talking about hot tips. And then you're rolling that into different departments in different regions. And, and it takes time and relationship that you build with your stakeholders on, on the other side is crucial. And it takes time to build that relationship. So you don't want, you know, moved and promoted to another and then another and somebody else. So you want to keep the team as static as possible from day one.  
Me: Kind. Yeah makes sense I mean yeah apologize I don't worry about turnout time, but yeah I could based on the call I don't think Funnelvision was right for you because I think you've almost nailed rev ups far too well for it but honestly I'd love to keep in touch because I mean the way you run a sales process I mean you're gonna poach me anytime jeez.  
Them: What about like, but show me the platform. Like have you built like is it, is it open warning?  
Me: Yeah. I'll stream my screen I'll show you very quickly because I know it's probably gonna laugh at it given how you run your revels functions now.  
Them: Not at all.  
Me: Let me know when that pops up for you okay.  
Them: Yeah, I can see it now.  
Me: So yeah so the bit so really simply the basic premise was threefold surface all of your pipeline hygiene issues in one place configure them so that you track what matters to your pipeline and then make those action those hygiene issues inside slacker team so the sales guys don't have to go enter the. So when you get set up super simple. Youe get presented with a snapshot audit of your pipeline so how many deals are passed or close date or are stale have a missing next step. Your leaderboard shows you which of your deal owners are more on top of their hygiene relative to others so this is probably the commission part.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: But then obviously every sales motion have their own specificities so we have this fixed issues page on the left sorry not fixed this rules page on the left sorry which allows you to create your own rules you can imagine here we pull in all your help properties custom contact company level whatever it is so you can build your own rules to track literally any hygienist you could possibly care about. And then once you've done that once you've kind of surfaced them you've configured them. Then the last. Action is to fix them so we have this fixed issues page which shows you all of the deals in your pipeline that have triggered some type of hygiene issue. And you can click on it for more information filter it by any owners or any specific you're looking for. And just to show you how the flow would look manually. Here all of my deals that have hygiene issues and let's say you want an update on this deal but just you know pass its closed date and it's stale you could just click request update. I get a slack notification so from the perspective of the person receiving this notification they don't need to leave slack we work with teams as well they don't need to leave they don't need to know what Funnelvision exists or hubs but you just click on it and they go okay what I need to do the close date is currently February 28th right. That's. In the past maybe needs to be in May and right now the next steps here it shows you what's in currently the property so as you can see Ivan responsible for the dummy data and I just got really bored. So maybe it's you know schedule a meeting. With. Zero.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: They could update the deal from slack and that's it so that this this this hygienist has been fixed it gets reflected in HubSpot Funnelvision.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: And then the last thing to show you is just part of the rules page here is this button so basically what this means is if it's turned off. You go through the exact same flow I just showed you you get manual control to request an update but if it's turned on what it means is that whenever the condition of the rule is met. It will automatically send a notification to the deal owner but not whenever it's triggered because that would just spam their slack or teams channels they get in a daily digest so that every morning at like 9:00 a.m they get one single slack message that says hey here are all the deals that hygiene issues and they just go through them one by one.  
Them: Yeah. Okay.  
Me: And that's that's the basic premise of Funnelville I feel like. I might be jumping the gun and I don't want to undersell it but I'm like I feel like there's a given there's not a huge deal volume on your on your sales guys it's probably not a fantastic fit.  
Them: Yeah, no, no, no, no, no for us. And with all juris fact, like we, at the moment, like we do have, we have gone, we have, we have analytics and sales force that it's up and running. We have dashboards. We are using the tools that we have and it's working quite well. And also, I didn't see any development. I know it was only a couple of minutes, a couple of, couple of minutes demo. So I haven't seen it all ins and outs and bells and whistles, but it is quite standard. So probably you would need something extra that none of, none of the other tools has it, you know, to stand out.  
Me: No absolutely right now as you see we're quite early stage we're needing to work refine that in right now the only one we have like that is built into action within slack but that's.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Yeah but the rest is quite standard.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. But look, William, I wish all the best. If there's anything I can, I can help with, I can, I can pitch into. I can add my two cents down the line. Feel free to reach out.  
Me: Absolutely well absolute pleasure Gabby thank you so much for tattooing this morning I've had a wonderful start today that was really nice.  
Them: Cool. Glad to hear that. So now time for me for my coffee and starting the calls in 15 minutes. So I wish you all a good day. And hopefully our paths will cross again.  
Me: I hope so last of luck thank you.  
Them: Gone.