Jan 7, 2026
Mark / FunnelVision Teams Build - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Mark Brown: until they go back to their room in the hotel. Uh, and yeah, that's then things they find it really difficult to, you know,
Joshua Graham: mentioned
Mark Brown: to update whatever they need to update. I like it. Good. Um,
Joshua Graham: that works perfectly well in the mobile as well. So, they'll get it on their phone if they've got Teams installed and it they can update it right then and
Mark Brown: yeah. Yeah. Well,
Joshua Graham: there.
Mark Brown: that's what I assume if I'm honest, but yeah, but yeah. Um because I think everybody uses teams on their f on their phone really. So that makes a huge huge difference. Is there a delay then in sync just because it's on your mobile phone just out of interest?
Joshua Graham: Oh,
William Ross: No,
Joshua Graham: it's pretty much
Mark Brown: No. Right. Okay.
William Ross: it's I' I've actually tested this before.
Mark Brown: Wow.
William Ross: You cannot switch to check the notification in time.
Joshua Graham: instantaneous.
William Ross: Like it's there before you can even switch.
 
 
00:00:49
 
Mark Brown: You can see it.
William Ross: Yeah, you can't even wait.
Mark Brown: Yeah. Yeah.
William Ross: You can't even wait for it. It's that fast.
Mark Brown: Yeah. Okay. Fine. Um right. Good. So, I think the next step for for us with this is to get John um on the phone and a lady called Veronica. Um John's our CRM manager. Um and uh Veronica will be enablement um person into that's part of the changes that I'm making. Um uh and and I think for both of these Oh, I'm critique as well maybe. Um, so the changes that I'm making into the into the team will it'll affect all of these individuals. So um, so maybe that that's the next step is like to to to speak to these guys, right? And then do the demo thing again and then get their buy in if this is
William Ross: Yeah,
Mark Brown: a good thing for them and then we can go from there.
William Ross: perfect.
Mark Brown: Is that good?
 
 
00:01:47
 
William Ross: Sounds great. And we can if if it goes well on the call, we can pretty much get them set up as you say within within five 10 minutes. It's not it's not a big The quicker you guys get usage out of it,
Mark Brown: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
William Ross: obviously the better. And is there anything we can do on our end? I mean, if you want to have any any coms on the internally that could help sell the the narrative of this or is it just a case of I'll use my lovely voice looks and just uh yes,
Mark Brown: Do you have a website? I don't even know.
William Ross: I'll pop the uh website in the chat.
Mark Brown: I I'll circulate the website with them so they can go and
William Ross: There you go.
Mark Brown: Cool. Um, I'll take that. So, no, I don't think there's anything that you um need to do. Um, okay, cool. I will um I will I will I'll circulate it with them and then we can we can go from
 
 
00:02:46
 
William Ross: Perfect. Sounds great. So,
Mark Brown: there.
William Ross: best we leave it yourself to coordinate diaries. Obviously, this big priority for us, we'll um accommodate whatever whatever suits the the diary.
Mark Brown: Yeah, it'll be next week now.
William Ross: Perfect.
Mark Brown: But yeah.
William Ross: Sounds sounds good. Anything else, Mark, or is that
Mark Brown: No, that's really good. That's really good. Um Yeah. No, that's really good. So, I think I think this could could work. Um, but we'll we'll have to see. Um, we'll get the buy in from everybody else and then we'll go from there. Um, the or is it will solve a pain point for the this organization. Um, the question will be is how much of a pain it is. In my view, it's quite a big pain. the CFO CFO um hears about it from his own team but whether he will be happy um to solve the problem by um by this way I I don't know but I I I think there is enough appetite but that's my take on it so um so
 
 
00:03:46
 
William Ross: No problem. That sounds great. Yeah. No, really, really appreciate it.
Mark Brown: let's
William Ross: And um might bring on another one of our one of our co-founders on that on that chitchat just so we can get to all know each other and work this out.
Mark Brown: yeah Yeah,
William Ross: But yeah, really exciting. Honestly, and also I have to say really appreciate the um hints and the advice you gave us actually before on the pending request and the daily address
Mark Brown: great.
William Ross: because was really on the back of that that we incorporated and we think it's really flush at the product and so you know you got your own input into it as well.
Mark Brown: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But but that's good. I mean I I I quite like these having these sorts of calls because actually, you know, people who are trying to make the world better, you know, like you guys um uh do have an influence, right? and um you know you've got the brains to be able to create the the software but I've got the experience of knowing how it it gets implemented right and that well I think that's why I know it's quite a good conversation to have um
 
 
00:04:35
 
William Ross: 100% I mean Josh you can build anything but the question is really what's the most viable thing to
Mark Brown: so yeah
William Ross: build what is there to do
Mark Brown: exactly yeah exactly and and will it piss people off
William Ross: what's
Mark Brown: yeah that's the other thing right so you got to strike a balance constantly between
William Ross: exactly
Mark Brown: being effective and annoying. Um because uh you know the business wants clean data, but what does clean data mean,
William Ross: Yeah.
Mark Brown: right? Is it 100%? No. Well, no. No data is ever 100%, right? So what level are you prepared to to position it at? It's a bit of a gray zone. So um so I think this is this this help and what I like about this is it helps the reps, not helps the business, if that makes sense.
William Ross: Yeah. And the thing is what we've often found is sometimes the best RI is sales capacity, right? Anything that alleviates their capacity, whether it's mental capacity or, you know, time capacity is is so critical in the modern
 
 
00:05:26
 
Mark Brown: Yeah. Yeah. I agree. I agree.
William Ross: day.
Mark Brown: And um Yeah. And so I think from that perspective, I think we're we could be in a a good space here. So um so let's
William Ross: Amazing. Well,
Mark Brown: see.
William Ross: look, really looking forward to hearing back from yourself. Again, anything any other questions, any thoughts, or if the team have any questions, bombard me as much as you'd like, LinkedIn or email. Um, but yeah, really looking forward to to next
Mark Brown: Yeah, actually John John's the CRM man.
William Ross: week.
Mark Brown: The first thing he's going to probably ask is is how do I get to play or probably they um so he's I've just looked at your website here start for free. Does that allow him to play a little bit?
Joshua Graham: Yep.
William Ross: Yeah. So, we got free
Joshua Graham: You get full access to the system so you can connect everything.
Mark Brown: Yeah.
William Ross: trial.
Joshua Graham: Give it a good go. See how everything works.
Mark Brown: Yeah.
Joshua Graham: Make sure it
Mark Brown: F that will be his first question.
Joshua Graham: works.
Mark Brown: I just know what he's going to ask. Yeah. So, fine. I I'll encourage him to do that. So, he'll rock up then. He's a very smart guy. He'll rock up then with a a good bit of knowledge. Um and then um he can ask any questions then in uh beyond government. Good. Yeah, Lily. Yeah. Brilliant. Thank you very much then both. Excellent. I will set something up next week or be brilliant.
 
 
Transcription ended after 00:07:03


This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.