Meeting Title: Nat and FunnelVision
Date: Mar 27
Meeting participants: Nat


Transcript:
 
Them: Hi.  
Me: Hi, Natalie. To be very Natalia or Nat?  
Them: Nat.  
Me: Hi, Nat. How are you doing?  
Them: Yeah, good things. How are you?  
Me: Very, very well. It's been a productive radio, I have to say. It's been a long, long week. I'm glad it's almost over. I have a year.  
Them: Yeah, same feels. Feels wrong. But good.  
Me: You're gonna slowly. You're still getting that Friday feeling when you're ready for the weekend.  
Them: Yeah, exactly. We're about to be based.  
Me: I'm in Scotland, in Edinburgh.  
Them: Nice. Nice.  
Me: And you're. You're in Portugal?  
Them: Yes, I am.  
Me: Amazing. Are you from Portugal as well, or have you moved there for work?  
Them: No, I'm German, but I used to live in the uk, so with scale, the team are based in the uk, and I used to live in london, but moved to portugal three years ago.  
Me: Oh, wow. What made the move to. To Portugal?  
Them: I went for a couple months, and I really liked it. And my partner is also portuguese, so that does help. But, yes, so we kind of decided to stay there for a bit, but we'll eventually make it back to london. But we've been delaying it a bit.  
Me: Oh, really? What is it? Is it. Was. Was there a pull factor to London? Or.  
Them: Yes, actually. So I. Because I'm not english. I don't have the, like, right to live in the uk if I have the settled status. So if I leave longer than five years, then my status gets.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Well, removed. And since, like, the company is english, our team is there. It would be a bit of a shame if I lose that right.  
Me: Yeah. Of course. Of course. It makes total sense. But it must be hard to. I was actually thinking of moving to Portugal a couple years ago as well and thinking of maybe like surface being in Portugal. And I can imagine it must be hard to tell you because they look like beautiful places. I used to live in London. London as well. And so I'd be dotted around a few places.  
Them: Yeah. And breaks it just made everything a lot more difficult. And that is dumb because I lived in the uk before brexit. I just never bothered to apply for citizenship because, like, I mean, I never, you know, I was just like, well, I have you. Like, I have the u password. Why? Why bother? And now I'm like, well, I should have done that. But, you know.  
Me: Do you know what? Since brexit, I've been going through, like, my ancestor to be like, do I have any EU connection? Because I'm half serving. My mom is serious. And I'm like, the one European country that's not in the EU. I mean, really good. They're not Croatian. Can we get, like, maybe hunger? Hungry. Like.  
Them: Yeah, you. I mean, the Irish have it.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Lucky because they get both. But, yeah, I mean, it's just. She has made everything unnecessarily complicated.  
Me: Do you know what? I. Especially because in scone, we didn't even. We didn't even want it. It was forced upon. I was, like, up here, like, well, I'm. Come on, guys. I'll give. I want.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: So, yeah, because I missed the freak because my brother, he used to work in Munich as well, and it was just so nice to go. I could go visit him. I'd have to think about how long I was visiting him for. And then I could. I could just Meander around. There was no border control. I was like, so.  
Them: It's so much easier. It's just so unnecessary. Even now, like, I mean, I don't need to get the electronic visa because I have the settled status, but, like, I went to the friend. She's like, I need to get a visa. I'm like, no, you don't. And then you realize if you don't have. You have to get the arm, which is. I mean, it's super quick and it's free and all that, but still, like, just so much unnecessary has. Sle.  
Me: Even small things, like, I was thinking of, like, you know, not. Not necessarily being, like, a digital Nomad, but, like, moving around and it's like, oh, no, I have to come back every few months. And I'm like, that's so. There's no freedom. It's like that just being able to. Yeah. Anyway, well, so when are you thinking of moving to London? Do you have, like, a date in mind?  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Or.  
Them: Probably sometime next year.  
Me: Okay. Portugal.  
Them: Making the most of Portugal and kind of exceeding the, like, reaching the five year before we move.  
Me: Yeah. Well, thank you so much for taking the time to have a chat with myself. Really, really appreciate it. I was just gonna start by wondering, like, what kind of in my message kind of piqued your interest, if anything? Or is it just a case of being like, what is this guy up to? Who is he? What. What the heck is he doing? Yeah.  
Them: Just curious. I mean, we obviously, I don't know how much you know about with scale, but we're essential ops consultants. So we work. We do also go to market stuff, but we also do a lot of, like, we will work a lot within hubspot and other crms, so a lot of our clients use hubspot. And we like part of what we do is like crm. Like kind of configuration and all that here. I'm hygiene and all that, I guess. Yeah. Just curious on what you're doing. And, yeah, we're always kind of on the lookout for new tools, so. Yeah.  
Me: Sounds great. That's exactly kind of why I reached out to him. I imagine when you're doing the rev up side, it's. It's also quite a broad term as well. Rebels. I feel like it's one of those. It's one of those, like. In. Not even an industry. It's one of those roles where you kind of touch everything. You can be a revolt's person in almost not even touch marketing. And then you get people that touch marketing, sales and finance, and it's like, it's such a broad spectrum of what rev ops is. And I feel like it's. It's also quite a new role in terms of. It's becoming more defined. It used to be a thing that people just did. And now it's a lot more. Like.  
Them: And you would have, like, stable. You'd have a sealed up first and you'd have a marketing offers. You need to have a date of person. But I think. Like, even in some, like, some of our clients who still have that, then there's so much disconnection between marketing and sales and, like, the data team sit completely siloed. I guess rev ops came into kind of centralize that and connect those teams a bit more. But even now with the trend of, like, go to market engineering and all of that, which has been kind of like a massive trend over the last couple of years or, like, last year since clay kind of came into the market. But for me, that kind of sits within revels. That's kind of what we've been doing just with different tools. And now there's, like, a fancy name for it. But for me, kind of full, all full of under the terminology of revolves. And then obviously you have, you can specialize in certain bits. So we have. So we're all like, I'd say we have, like, a mix of full time people and then some contractors who help us.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah.  
Them: But I'd say we generally have, like, an understanding of the whole spectrum. But, like, we have people who specialize, like, we have some more technical people, some more data driven people, so it really kind of everyone has their skill sets. Right. Not everyone's good at everything.  
Me: No, no, absolutely. And they say the more tools that get involved, the more kind of specialized people come in. I was actually attracted to one of my co-founders this morning about how if you took people's job titles now, like 10, 15 years ago, people have no idea what they're talking about. Like a. Like. Like, what the heck is a GTM base cloud revenue? People go, are you sales or are you marketing? Which one? Which. Which one? All right.  
Them: When I, like, I. My family is based in France, and, like, I go back there quite often, and it's like, so what do you.  
Me: My least favorite question.  
Them: Operations like? It sounds really boring. Like, I was explaining it to some because I tried to, like, just say, like, operations for, like, commercial teams, and then you kind of explain, and you're like, I've just read, like, I make it sound really boring. It's actually really interesting, but, like, you're trying to simplify it, but, yeah, definitely a growing term. I think in the US.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: It's much bigger. Like, I think they kind of adopted the idea of rev ops, like, quite a while ago in the uk is kind of catching up now and then the rest of europe is still a bit of an unknown term.  
Me: I've spoken to people and they're like, oh, you mean like a software engineer? I'm like, no, definitely not a software engineer. It's like an engineer, but, like, for commercial teams, it's like, it's not coding, but it's, like, definitely a bit more technical than just, like, you know, cold calling, but, like. And they're all. I can see their brains are like, what do you mean?  
Them: Yeah. Exactly. It's exactly that.  
Me: Yeah, no, so. Absolutely. So I'm giving you a bit of context. Obviously, I'll give you a very quick walkthrough. It'll only take a few minutes, but we'd love to know. Again to dive deep into it. Dive. Dive deeper into kind of what you do with scale. But. So I guess Funnel Vision really, really simply is pipeline hygiene solving. So the basic idea was, and I'm not trying to undersell it, believe me, I'm just boiling down to. The idea was that there's generally, like, a disconnect between people who care about data.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: And people who input data. So in the pipeline side, you have your sales guys, they're responsible for inputting data. They're on the calls. They need to update their fields.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: And from our experience, they just. Struggle to do it. They don't like doing it. And it's not because they're incapable. It's just because it's friction, right? It's context shifting. It's tool shifting. And so. But that data is really important because it's used for forecasting. It's used for rev ups to make decision making. It's used for reporting. And so there's this gap between people who care about the data. And so the people who care about it, your rev ops, your sales leaders. They're having to spend time manually chasing these guys to change, fill in these fields, finding which deals need to be updated, what they need to be updated with, chasing it. And so Funnelvision was really built to try and solve that by allowing the reps, the sales guys to make. The, to action the hygiene issues natively where they're already working. So whether that's in slack or within teams, so they don't need to go into HubSpot. They don't even really need to know Funnelvision exists. They just need to go into slacker or teams and go, okay, I need to update this deal. What do I need to do? And. Then to make it really easy for the sales directors or your rev ops guys to say, I don't even need to track hygiene issues because it's all within Funnel Vision. And it's really easy to, to, to view and see there. And that's the basic premise of Funnel Vision. It's to improve, well, well, remove the manual time spent chasing and also to improve their forecasting accuracy so you can trust the underlying data that, you know, when you're reporting on deals with closed dates, all those closed dates are accurate and you're not suddenly thinking you've got 1 million in pipe, but then that pipe was from three years ago in that deal as well. Does that kind of resonate with things you experience with your clients and what you.  
Them: Yeah. One of the key, key pain points where we come in where, like, a lot of our clients come to us with the data set of date help us fix it. Keen to understand where does it fall in, like, into. Does it, is it, does it sit within the CRM? Does it sit outside of the crm? Because you mentioned how does it work?  
Me: Yeah. So it's a really good question. It's actually something we've been asked. So right now it sits outside the serum. So it's a standalone tool, but it, we're on the HubSpot Marketplace, so it plugs into, to HubSpot. And then there's just a really simple teams or slot teams or slack integration. So within slacker teams, it's like a little bot, like a little chat.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: That pops up.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: And then with HubSpot, it doesn't touch ups. But we have. We have been asked to be embedded within hubs or because people really like, some people really like the views that we have and they want to have it within HubSpot itself. So we have been exploring on our roadmap whether we can. Like, circumvent even need for an external tool and just kind of embed fully within HubSpot. But we're not, we'll be led by partners on kind of how that would look and how that should play out, if that makes sense, because we're quite early and we're really being partnered with regards to what, what makes sense for you and your clients. How can we deliver value for them and what makes sense? And so. So does that answer the question?  
Them: That does answer the question. I guess is the idea with it that someone would not need to go into HubSpot. Or I guess my question is, why would someone be within slack at the point of updating this data instead of working from within the CRM, for example?  
Me: So the I. So are you recording for the, for the sales guys to make the updates?  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: So the idea was, if you're a salesperson on, on calls. Generally they don't then shift to then update their CRM because it's a, another tool they have to log into. They have to navigate the platform. They have to figure out what, what fields need to fill in. Whereas if they're already in slack, they can just be on their phone and go, okay, I know exactly what I need to fill in, and I can just do that on the go. If I'm at the train or I can, you know, without breaking any workflow, they know exactly what they need to do. Just go.  
Them: Cool. And do you, could you show how it looks like?  
Me: Yeah, absolutely. I should have shown that already, but I just wanted to give a bit of background as well. So let me know.  
Them: Kind of how it looks like in practice?  
Me: Let me know if that pops up for you. Okay.  
Them: Yeah, I can see everything.  
Me: So, yeah, so to get set up super simple, you literally plug into HubSpot. This, this takes like two to five minutes, and then you're instantly presented with, like, an audit of your, of your pipeline.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: So out of the box hygiene issues, like how many deals are passed or close date? Or are stale or have a missing next step assigned to it? And then at the bottom is the hydrogen leaderboard showing you which of your deloners are more on top of their hygiene relative to others. And I always, I feel very proud when I put myself as number one because I made all the dummy data. So I always have to, like, artificially change it so that I'm always number one. Because it's the little things in life that I have to get a kick out of. You know?  
Them: Exactly. And this all gets, this data gets pulled from HubSpot.  
Me: Exactly.  
Them: Or you're. Okay.  
Me: From, from our apis with, with HubSpot. But this is just your out of the box stuff.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Obviously, every sales motion have their own specificities. So we have this rules page on the left.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Where we pull an all HubSpot properties. So then you can create and surface any hygiene issue you could possibly care about so that you can determine whether your pipeline's healthy or not. And we try to make it as easy as possible to create a rule. So you literally just, you know, name your rule. One or whatever it is, you pick your fields you care about. We have simple and or conditions. So I can give you a little example one here. You know, if you want to know if your deal stage is in, you know, early pipeline and we pull in all of your pipelines and maybe your lead source is empty or your next steps not been updated in 10 days, or maybe if your sales methodology is missing, whatever it is you care about, you can, you can surface as a rule.  
Them: Okay.  
Me: And, and the really powerful feature to creating your own rules is this button. So when this button's turned off, all it means is that your rule will be surfaced as a hygiene issue, and you would have manual control on whenever you want to request an update. But if it's, if it's turned on, it means that whenever the condition of the rule is met, it will automatically send a slacker teams notification to the dealer to say, hey, this, this needs an action.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: But through our testing, what we didn't want to happen is that deal owner to get spammed, you know, 30, 40, 50 plus notifications if you've built a few rules and it's going to get triggered all the time. So we actually send this as a daily digest. So rather than being spammed whenever, whenever the rule is triggered, what happens is they get one single slacker team's message a day, and that will outline all of the deals that have been triggered in the last 24 hours and that anything that's not been triggered, it's not, it's not been actioned. We'll just get asked again the next day so they don't get spammed throughout the day. They get one single message that they can do it and they can work through that at their own time. And if you ever want to escalate something, you can just manually request an update as well.  
Them: Okay.  
Me: So, so kind of once you've done that, you've surfaced all those hygiene rules, you've configured them. So you're tracking everything that matters to your sales motion. The last piece of the puzzle is actually fixing it. So on this page, your fixed issues. This shows you every deal in your pipeline that has triggered some type of hygiene issue. So you can click on the deal to see which issues have been triggered, some more context about the deal. You can filter by the owners, you can filter by any specific issue you're looking for. You can see your pending requests. So these are deals that have been asked for updates in the past that haven't yet been actioned. And you can see from how long ago it was. So this update was asked for six days ago and it's not been actioned. And to show you the kind of manually how the workflow would look, because obviously I won't wait for the daily digest. Here are all of my deals of hygiene issues. Let's say you want, you got deal 2a. I've, again, I'm very creative with my dummy data. It's got as past, it's closed it and it's still and you want an update on this deal.  
Them: Yep.  
Me: You click request update.  
Them: Yeah. Okay.  
Me: And then I instantly get a slack notification. So from the perspective of the person receiving this notification, they don't need to touch HubSpot. They don't need to know Funnelvision exists. They could be on their phone, on the go, wherever is it working, they just get asked, I need to update the steal. Okay, what do I need to do?  
Them: Yes.  
Me: And it's super simple form.  
Them: Okay.  
Me: So right now the close date is currently set for February 28th and they go, okay, that's, that dates passed. I needed to push that out to maybe, maybe end of May. And right now the current value of the next step is schedule a meeting with Tim, but there's been no recent activity on this deal, on this deal. So maybe I need to update. What's the next step? Maybe I need to chase Tim. And CC Sarah. They update. And that's it. This hygiene rule has been fixed. This gets reflected in HubSpot, gets reflected in Funnel Vision. And this is the hygiene issue sorted. And you can see part of the daily digest. Here's another deal that I have, and I could work through this deal in my own time as well if I decide I want to, to go through that.  
Them: Nice.  
Me: And, and that's really the basic premise of Funnel Vision. Surface and action.  
Them: Yeah, that's cool. So it kind of, I guess, because I guess the reports themselves you could build within hubspot. Right. Like if I wanted to surface deal with the closed date. In the past because that you can, you would be able to kind of replicate a similar format. Is kind of the key, I guess the differentiator where the team, because, like, if you send a slack notification from HubSpot, you would need to go into hubs for top. Is that kind of the key differentiator where you can just work within slack?  
Me: Yeah, I would say there's three. So that's probably the, the largest value add is the ability to action everything because what, and I've worked with hubs up for a long time. And what I found was visibility is only half the problem. Because if nothing gets fixed, then the problem still pertains. The second is, is that we have a bit more, because we have the API, we have a bit more flexibility on the rules that we can create. So there, some of them are pretty powerful. You can't do natively within HubSpot. And obviously some of the views we have, like the hygiene leaderboard, you can't really see in HubSpot. But the last ones are a road map. So we've got a really powerful roadmap planned for the next. Few months. So one of them's cross objects. So right now we're looking at deal specific information. But we want to do cross objects. You can get contacts in companies. And that's something you can do in HubSpot. But the idea is you could build a rule that says, you know, if a company's a certain size, there are certain people associated to that company. And then a dual level rule as well.  
Them: Okay. How come you wouldn't be able to do that in hubs?  
Me: Because hubsbot don't allow you to do cross object rule creation for triggers. So you can, you can surface.  
Them: For?  
Me: You can do, I believe it's, you can surface a rule on any, you could surface like a hygienist shoot across, across objects, but not, not intertwining the objects together.  
Them: Okay. That makes sense. And I think, yeah, I think read to your point earlier of where do you think you guys are gonna look at that kind of being visible within house sports? You said, like some of the partners like.  
Me: So they really like the idea of being able to be embedded within a hubspot, especially when it comes to, like, escalation mechanisms or even reporting stuff as well. So they can, like, do so that, so we need to figure out exactly how that would look. But we're being led by partners on that because the last thing we want to do is just do something and suddenly it's not useful for your clients, it's not useful for you because, you know, this is who we're building. For.  
Them: Yeah, I think that because then it's like, then you can completely avoid having to go to another tool and just work within hubspot because I think where we see.  
Me: Yeah, exactly.  
Them: Like, data management lacking from people is when they're across so many tools. Like some of our, like, some of our clients use multiple CRM, so many tools. Everything is just a mess. Like the ideal is like they just work within hubs both because then you like it's a force of habit, right? If you're doing something every single day, you're more likely to be updating. The fields.  
Me: Yeah. No, absolutely. Again, this is, it's the same premise why if we're expecting the sales reps to be only within slack, then we should probably expect the same from the revelation people if they're only in HubSpot to then stay in HubSpot. Right.  
Them: Yeah, exactly. Nice. And how are you guys? So you guys, when did you guys launch?  
Me: Formerly launched, I think around November, December time, and then in January, it's kind of only been kind of going a bit harder on the go-to-market side. A lot of it was like we had a few early design partners in November, December, and then obviously there's a lot of tweaking and ironing things out and making sure everything flowed correctly. So from about January, February is when we onboarded a lot of clients and partners.  
Them: And in terms of pricing, how does that look?  
Me: Yeah. Again, good question. Transparently we're being quite flexible on our pricing with regards to being partner led. So we have some partners that are said to that they prefer of a flat fee, like an annual flat fee. And we've gone with like a full price of like 5,000 pound for a year for unlimited users, unlimited usage. Some of our partners don't have with their clients user based pricing or a monthly base pricing. So we're trying to be as flexible for our partners to say, you know, however you think it would land best with your clients and how you run your sales engagements, we can accommodate. We're not that fussy if you prefer monthly or user or if you, if you've got a client that says, okay, I think we can get this for 10,000 pound. I'll be go for it. Take, take a 50 Kickback.  
Them: Yes.  
Me: And fun with it.  
Them: Okay, cool. No, this is super interesting, but, yeah, I'll definitely keep it in mind because, I mean, it's definitely something we. Like data hygiene is one of the key problems we see with a lot of our clients. So that's interesting. I think the hubspot layer would be super cool as well. Yeah. Because I just. I think if, like, the team, like, if the user can manage those with the configurations, always have to be native in Funnelvision, or would you be able to configure the rules within hubs?  
Me: So that's the question. Right. So right now it's only in Funnel. But the idea is we, you could do this in, in HubSpot. And the idea is maybe you could even clone while you're doing a housebot and transfer it over, over to Funnelvision. If you've already built some workflows or anything within, within HubSpot again, this is, these are the exact questions we need to work with our partners on.  
Them: Pot? Yeah.  
Me: And it's just as well on, on our commercial side as well, we've got a really nice comp plan for partners. So if you ever want, I can send like a draft partner agreement if you want to. And regarding sales Cycles, we can again be flexible. If you want to bring us for engagements, you can. If you want to run with it yourself, you can.  
Them: Okay.  
Me: All of our partners will get free access to Funnel Vision forever. So if you, if you sign the contract, we can just onboard you. You can play around with it, give us feedback because your feedback is important.  
Them: Okay. Yeah.  
Me: And. Yeah, so let me know what, what makes sense. I'm happy to send a partner agreement across or you can share internally with your team anything. I'm happy to give some documentations.  
Them: If you could send over that maybe and then I can share it with the rest of the team as well, get their thoughts. And then. Yeah, for sure.  
Me: Perfect. Right. I'll send over some. Like, I've got, like, a loom video I can send and a one pager, and I'll let you know some of, some of the details. And hopefully we can, we can work together soon. But I would love, even regardless of anything, we'd love to keep you in the loop regarding kind of how we're doing our roadmap, get your eyes on it. And as I said, any clients that come to mind, be awesome for you to be in touch.  
Them: Yeah. Happy to. Happy to kind of stay updated. Sounds interesting.  
Me: Amazing. Any other questions for myself? I know I've kind of bombarded you with a lot of information.  
Them: Not at this point. Yeah, I think at some point it'll be interesting to kind of maybe when we can get access, when we have a bit more time, have a look to really understand what you mentioned with the cross object, what's possible within Funnel Vision in terms of, like, I think the value of getting the daily digest. Is really cool. Because you don't get that. You can't do that within hubs for. You can, like, you can trigger notifications, but they would.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah.  
Them: But you can't. And you can't update within hubs within slack. So you'd need to click on the deal and then I'll open it. But in terms of the configuration of rules. I'd be Keen to understand that that's a bit more because I feel like you can do cross object within hub support as far as at least I've done. I feel like I've done that before. So that's where I'd be curious to see kind of how that differentiates.  
Me: No, absolutely. Yeah. And like I said, I'll send over an email and then we can schedule knockoff. It takes like five minutes to be on boarded. So we can just get you guys on the, on the tool and, and, and trying things out.  
Them: Cool. Sounds good.  
Me: Amazing. Well, really appreciate the time, Nat. Honestly, what a wonderful way to end my week. Really appreciate it.  
Them: Nice. No problem. And, yeah, I'm sure we'll speak soon. Have a great weekend.  
Me: Absolutely. You too. Enjoy. Enjoy Portugal.  
Them: Thank you very much. See you.