Jan 28, 2026
Nick / FunnelVision Feedback - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Nick Ramsay: Hey, good morning. How are you?
William Ross: Uh, okay. Hey, I'm doing very well, Nick. How are you?
Nick Ramsay: Doing well, thank you, man. Yeah,
William Ross: Pleasure.
Nick Ramsay: great to meet you.
William Ross: Pleasure to meet yourself. How's How's the week
Nick Ramsay: Uh, not too bad, thank you.
William Ross: been?
Nick Ramsay: Just uh slightly frantic end the month the usual, but uh yeah, nothing too crazy for me. Thank you.
William Ross: Yeah.
Nick Ramsay: How about yourself?
William Ross: You know, actually a bit of a quieter start this week. We had a little bit of a bug on on on Monday and I think I very guilty admittedly I slept for about an hour and a half during the day because I was just out out cold.
Nick Ramsay: I know it's time of year for I was kind of the same last week to be honest. I wasn't like sick sick. I was just really tired. A bit run down. But thankfully it passed quite quickly.
 
 
00:01:14
 
Nick Ramsay: But it's always the same this time of year is especially if you're traveling around or whatever as well. You just pick stuff up so
William Ross: No, of course.
Nick Ramsay: easily.
William Ross: And I outside of work, what what keeps you busy? What's what's what's going on in general life?
Nick Ramsay: Great question. Um, so I've got I mean I've got family, right? So yeah, my my wife keeps me busy. Uh, but yeah, and uh I've got a young daughter as well. See young. She's almost 10 now. So that um and then yeah, I'm currently um I'm training for High Rocks, which is like the most wank thing you can currently do in 2026, but that is it. So I'm doing High Rocks in a couple months. So I'm kind of on a pretty straight path with sort of getting myself sorted for that to be honest. But yes indeed, happy
William Ross: Yeah, I was going to say not not as busy as that. I have to say I've got a got my wife now.
 
 
00:01:58
 
Nick Ramsay: yourself.
William Ross: No, no kids as as of yet, but uh yeah, so living a a relatively relaxed life. I was just googling high rocks. That That's intense.
Nick Ramsay: It's it's it's like it's worse than you think it is,
William Ross: Craig
Nick Ramsay: but it's also like it's actually the wor the worst thing about it, Frank, is running. Like all the stuff that you do in between is fine. Um, but you need to be able to kind of keep a decent running pace in between when your legs are like done and you're like you're sore. Um, so I'm not like I'm not trying to like break any record. I'm just trying to get
William Ross: Yeah. Yeah. Be happy. I was going to say that I can imagine those last few runs after
Nick Ramsay: frozen.
William Ross: because I've done a few circuit things before and I I always think the first 10 minutes you're fine. You're like breathe and then it just
Nick Ramsay: Yeah, it's totally it's totally like an endurance thing.
 
 
00:02:51
 
Nick Ramsay: It's like the the hardest bit is you do two so you do like a slight push which is like 150 kilograms then you do a pull which about 100 kg and it's like after that that's when it turns because your body is just so tired and there's a right knee run again. Um so it's going to be funny if else but uh yeah we'll see how that goes. My life is quite boring right now and that I am just training like most days in some capacity. So yeah,
William Ross: Yeah,
Nick Ramsay: all fun and games.
William Ross: massive massive congrats on even just finished the idea and hopefully when when are you running it? When's when's it?
Nick Ramsay: Uh March the I think it's March 14th. So I've got like seven weeks, something like that, though. So yeah, not too far away.
William Ross: Well, best best of luck. Genuinely,
Nick Ramsay: We'll see.
William Ross: I'm really you're curious how how that goes. I mean, I'm not going to do it, that's for sure, but I'd love to know if it's fun.
 
 
00:03:40
 
Nick Ramsay: Appreciate Appreciate you from Are you from Edinburgh originally?
William Ross: Yeah. So,
Nick Ramsay: Would I be able to get Cool.
William Ross: born raised in Edinburgh. Um I'm half Serbian on my on my mom's side.
Nick Ramsay: Nice.
William Ross: Um did a bit of traveling for work around unfortunately mostly around England. I was working in like Lamington Spa, Manchester, London. Managed to pivot my way back up on a remote job. So, uh, so yeah,
Nick Ramsay: Oh,
William Ross: you're talking you Glasggo through and
Nick Ramsay: nice. Yeah, exactly. So, kind of born and raised here.
William Ross: through.
Nick Ramsay: Um, although I live in London when I was when I was a kid. Yeah, I work fully remotely up here, which is nice. I don't mind going to London, but it's too it's too busy,
William Ross: Yeah.
Nick Ramsay: stupidly expensive. So, you just got much nicer lifestyle up here.
William Ross: Yeah.
Nick Ramsay: Do you know what I mean?
William Ross: I have a couple few obviously a few friends down in London and I try and visit them every, you know, every so often for a weekend.
 
 
00:04:23
 
William Ross: could easily spend5600 pound just between travel food like it's like oh my I might as well go we as well going
Nick Ramsay: Yeah.
William Ross: south of Spain somewhere else like come
Nick Ramsay: Yeah. The rent and everything as well. Property is just stupid there.
William Ross: on
Nick Ramsay: Um it's just it's just not really my vibe to be honest. So yeah, as bad as the weather is here, quite happy to quite happy to be in Glasgow, I would say.
William Ross: I was say I know I know we've only got about 10 minutes but I'd love to and um really honestly grateful for the
Nick Ramsay: noise.
William Ross: taking the time to to have a chat myself.
Nick Ramsay: Yeah.
William Ross: I mean, I don't have much background context you want, but really I just want to get a sense on how how you feel about Funnel Vision, how much you know about Funnel Vision and how it feels doing the kind of Slack dates and basically how useful you think it is,
Nick Ramsay: Yeah.
William Ross: what you think could be improved, what's good, what's bad, and just whatever comes to mind.
 
 
00:05:08
 
Nick Ramsay: Yeah. No, that makes sense. So, I mean,
William Ross: Basically,
Nick Ramsay: I guess in terms of like its usefulness, um, I appreciate it because there is literally nothing more painful as a sales practice when your manager is like, "What's the X? What's happening? What we doing here?" And even if you've updated it kind of in the CRM, they don't always check it, right? So, they'll just be like, "Well, where are we with this deal?" So, it's nice to be able to do that live in real time without having to dig into HubSpot, find the opportunity, update, and everything else. You can just kind of bang through it. My only kind of grievance with it and I think this might have been fixed so that I actually I can see I've got a bunch of deals I need to update is um when if I am in HubSpot and say I'm just updating something because I'm sending a contract or whatever else if I update the step there if it could then like knock it off in the app kind of thing so that it's just I'm not having to do it twice.
 
 
00:06:01
 
Nick Ramsay: Basically, that was the only real bit of feedback that I gave Dominic like a month ago. And if you've already fixed that or already does it, I I
William Ross: No, no, no, no.
Nick Ramsay: apologize.
William Ross: That Dominic gave us that and that was actually a really good bit of feedback because it was something you can imagine when you have a product, there's so many things to think of. It's so hard to think of every eventuality. It was something thought of. So basically the way it was working was if the update wasn't made in funnel vision,
Nick Ramsay: Yep.
William Ross: it was just registering it and just sending it. So now we we we have fixed it so that it will basically read HubSpot and funnel vision at the same time before it sends you the update.
Nick Ramsay: Got it.
William Ross: So it'll be spot and if it's not So hopefully it's all fixed now. So it should be should be fine and dandy.
Nick Ramsay: No worries at all. I'm just wondering if I do I need to like update the app or anything like that.
 
 
00:06:41
 
Nick Ramsay: Will it just kind of do it live and in in real time? Do you
William Ross: Um, so it should run in real time when we reschedule the the daily digest,
Nick Ramsay: know?
William Ross: but there might be some some backlog that we can we can refresh as well.
Nick Ramsay: No worries.
William Ross: So,
Nick Ramsay: I'm just wondering I'm just open it up just now. So, I'm just trying to make sure I've got like the right kind of um configuration of it, but it looks like Yeah, it should all be there. Um I'm trying to think if there's anything else. The only other things I can think of, for some reason, when I click on this just now, one second. It's just saying it cannot update that request. That's weird. One sec. I'll show you this. I haven't actually done this today. One sec. I'll share my screen. Um, CIA basically. Where are we? When I go to here, this is just anyone into the deals.
 
 
00:07:31
 
Nick Ramsay: Oh, it's working for that one. That's interesting. Let me just try the one I just did a second ago. Yeah. So, it's gnot update that request.
William Ross: So, is that one you've manually done in HubSpot, do you think?
Nick Ramsay: Yes,
William Ross: Okay. Okay. I'll I'll make a note. So, basically,
Nick Ramsay: probably.
William Ross: it must be a caching thing. Basically, just we'll just remove them from the
Nick Ramsay: Beautiful.
William Ross: Okay.
Nick Ramsay: So, that would be like Yeah, let me just try and pick another one. Let's see if I've updated that. Yeah. So, I must these must be ones maybe that I've updated recently and has filled through.
William Ross: Okay.
Nick Ramsay: Whereas the stats perform one for example appears I've not.
William Ross: Keep going.
Nick Ramsay: Um so I can do it there. Only other couple of things that might be like helpful as well. I don't know if it's feasible is like it would be great if you do like next step maybe the deal size and the close date because they're probably the three things that would change the most often or most likely to change.
 
 
00:08:21
 
Nick Ramsay: So, it' be good if like if it pulled for the close date and the deal value and then you could just edit those or just leave them the same potentially. Um, just a thought. Um,
William Ross: Yeah.
Nick Ramsay: might you might be getting into too much things. You might be trying to update every single aspect of the deal. But I think the three fundamental things a sales manager is going to ask you about. It's next step, close, date, and deal deal size, right? And that's the things that will kind of vary and move the most within the um within the sales cycle as
William Ross: Perfect.
Nick Ramsay: well.
William Ross: And in curiosity, how how did you how was this handled for yourself in the past? Like in other companies, roles, years like what was the
Nick Ramsay: Um there really wasn't one frankly like so I've worked in both HubSpot,
William Ross: solution?
Nick Ramsay: Salesforce. There's not a really bad CRM I use, but yeah, predominantly those two. Um it's just there's never really been that elegant a solution for any of it in the sense that you've just had to kind of manually go in do your update whatever else quite often.
 
 
00:09:16
 
Nick Ramsay: So before with my previous sales manager at Colian, we still had to fill out a forecast sheet every single Monday which was spread.
William Ross: What?
Nick Ramsay: It's so painful man because all you're doing is just copying data from HubSpot into a spreadsheet that they can then be sense checked. Um and it's because as well like sales people were like lazy with like hygiene. We're lazy with admin stuff. But the the is basically essentially like critically important to a SAS business, right? to need visibility and everything else. But yeah, generally it would just be dealt with and managed in the CRM. You might then have a forecast document or forecast area where you expect to kind of update and do that. Um very few sales teams I've ever worked in have done a particularly good job of it if I'm brutally honest because um it always just oh yeah I forgot to update that or I forgot to do this. there's always an excuse or a reason.
William Ross: Yeah.
Nick Ramsay: Um, and then that kind of causes a lag or it causes back and forth questions, time taken trying to explain.
 
 
00:10:17
 
Nick Ramsay: So something like this would be great in a sense of like it's dead easy. I don't need to go all the way into HubSpot. I don't need navigate to the deal, click through, edit, I can just submit it through this D, it's done. My manager gets the notification in there because, you know, update the deal, whatever. Like that's pretty um pretty spot on.
William Ross: Super. Yeah. I mean, it actually resonates. A couple of our co-founders are kind of ex sales directors and when they were um BDRs many many years ago, they said their part of their job was being friends with Revops because they what they did was they sat with Revops and they'd get like a weekly call with them for like two hours and just go through everything one by one like what like basically asking them what do you want me to do?
Nick Ramsay: Yeah.
William Ross: What do you want me to update? What do you information do you need?
Nick Ramsay: All right.
William Ross: And so I was just wondering so on the on the kind of value prop then because obviously we're trying to figure out is you know how how useful is it something that like if if it was gone tomorrow would would you miss it or like how much time would you spend a week roughly monthly or
 
 
00:11:07
 
Nick Ramsay: Um,
William Ross: weekly like filling
Nick Ramsay: I mean, it's definitely like it's definitely it's definitely useful.
William Ross: out
Nick Ramsay: Um, I think if you were to look at so if I've got I think I've got 50 55 deals in pipeline at the moment or something like that, right? So if you imagine every single week if I'm spending let's just say 10 or 20 minutes going into that updating it having to modify the fields and blah blah blah then maybe there's some time in there with that back and forth messaging my manager about the deal and the deal like that's a pretty significant amount of time whereas if I was to I I've got like a backlog of these right now and I think it's probably because it's just not marking the ones that are updated. But if I was to blast through, let's just say 10 of these just now or or five even if I was in a better rhythm with it, that is going to take me all of five to 10 minutes. So I think you could save, I don't know, like let's just say an hour, maybe an hour and a half of back and forth manually updating or going into HubSpot and everything else.
 
 
00:12:06
 
Nick Ramsay: So yeah, I think it's definitely um definitely valuable from that
William Ross: Perfect.
Nick Ramsay: perspective.
William Ross: No, that that's that's amazing. That's really good to hear. And obviously there'll be a lot of um a lot more to come from Funnel Vision hopefully and a lot more a lot more features and a lot more functionality. But is there anything you think if it did a apart from maybe obviously fixing the the backlog here? Is there any particular feature you go that would be the wow that would be the thing I want?
Nick Ramsay: I mean, if we got into a world where, you know, using an AI or a Gentic AI or something that it just like automatically populated the next step or like it kind of did it from drawing from the information and emails and calls and but that being said, that probably mean I don't need to exist anymore. So, that's probably a bad a bad advancement. Um, no. I can't really I can't really think of anything else like specifically around this.
 
 
00:13:00
 
Nick Ramsay: Um, I guess if it was able to even like suggest the next step or if it could see like you've had um two demos, you've submitted a cost proposal, next step, suggested next step would be this, right?
William Ross: Yeah.
Nick Ramsay: Or it would give you a guide on what it thinks is the next kind of part of the process. I guess it would need to inflect and understand what is our process,
William Ross: Yes.
Nick Ramsay: what are the next step. So that's maybe a little bit harder. Um yeah, over and above that I can't really think of much else that would
William Ross: I'm actually really glad you said that.
Nick Ramsay: be
William Ross: just as a last minute as a sneak peek on what we're trying to do next and think might ring a bell is um so
Nick Ramsay: Yeah.
William Ross: we're looking to because basically what I found is I don't like auto population tools like what you mentioned because I think it's it loses a lot of context around a deal like you're the sales person you have a certain level of skill and knowledge and understanding of the client you you read body language on calls so what we wanted to do was integrate with all the
 
 
00:13:52
 
Nick Ramsay: Yeah,
William Ross: transcription tools basically so when you have a when you have a call it would do exactly that it would suggest like hey based on the call
Nick Ramsay: got it.
William Ross: this is what I think this was the close date, the next step, the amount, but you would have the oversight to go yes or no. Yes. Or edit it and then so that way you'd have the constant like you'd have almost like that
Nick Ramsay: Yeah.
William Ross: ideally that 80% draft human in the loop to go well actually this is how I felt the call
Nick Ramsay: Yeah.
William Ross: went and then you'd always have that manual control because what is to go the AI to go hey here's the next step and then you go oh that now you have to just manually go through and actually change it.
Nick Ramsay: Yeah,
William Ross: Is that along the lines of what you were thinking?
Nick Ramsay: makes pretty much, man. Yeah, I think so. I think it's like again, you're right in that it doesn't necessarily deal because every like a lot of deals are different, right?
 
 
00:14:38
 
Nick Ramsay: You might have one that's really simple and straightforward. You might have one that's really complex, has a lot of next steps that are particular to that customer. Um, so it's hard to kind of necessarily put everything in a category or in like the same kind of buckets. Um, but yeah, I think if it was able to draw from like call notes or emails or whatever else like we kind of scrubbed HubSpot for the data and then it made like a suggestion or recommended that that might be good. Um, but I think as it works just now just given the clear guidance on next step, close date, deal value, that is the main stuff that your manager is going to care about, right?
William Ross: Yeah.
Nick Ramsay: They might also the only other one is they might want like an indicator of like we have pipeline stitch. So I'm sure you're familiar with like best case pipeline commit that might be another one where you like where is it
William Ross: Yeah,
Nick Ramsay: in your forecast but I think yeah you could probably start to over complicate it if you try and make it do too much. So yeah, I think this is definitely is definitely
William Ross: it's yeah, our thesis is trying to make things nice and simple. So there's no no upskilling really required.
Nick Ramsay: helpful.
William Ross: It's very basic. But you know, apologies we run a little bit over. I Yeah, I was going to end on any any thoughts, questions you have for myself or anything else because this has been so helpful. Really grateful for this, Nick.
Nick Ramsay: Oh, good man.
William Ross: Thank you.
Nick Ramsay: You're totally welcome. Yeah. Nothing else from from my perspective, but yeah, just best of luck with it and we'll keep kind of using it. I think Dominic's pretty keen on it.
 
 
Transcription ended after 00:16:35


This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.